The question in this election: Who can put the plans into action that will make your life better?  
If we stand together, there's nothing we can't do. 

Make sure you're ready to vote:    
Both candidates were asked about how they'd confront racial injustice. Only one had a real answer.  
Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs, Iowa! Tickets:…  
This election is too important to sit out. Go to   and make sure you're registered.   -H
When Donald Trump goes low...register to vote:    
Once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today!    
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure: 
 
'CNBC, Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate' via  .  
 
Donald Trump lied to the American people at least 58 times during the first presidential debate. (We counted.)  
Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support!    
In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day, and we’re still going! Thank you America!  
“She gained about 55 pounds in...9 months. She was like an eating machine.” —Trump, a man who wants to be president:  
It's  . Celebrate by registering to vote →    
"I love this country.
I’m proud of this country.
I want to be a leader who brings people together."
—Hillary  
We don’t want to turn against each other.
We want to work with one another.
We want to set big goals in this country.
 
"What we hear from my opponent is dangerously incoherent. It's unclear what he's saying, but words matter." —Hillary
One candidate made it clear he wasn’t prepared for last night’s debate. The other made it clear she’s prepared to b…  
"What kind of a person would want to root for 9 million families losing their homes?

One who should never be president." —Hillary on Trump
"I don’t think that any family should have to pay more than 10% of their income on child care.” —Hillary  
"I’m really glad my dad never had a contract with Donald Trump.” —Hillary  
When you work hard, you should not be living in poverty.  
Well, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!
"We may have a record-setting turnout in this election.

We could have the biggest turnout we've ever had."  
"You can go to   to make sure you are registered. And I hope you all will.” —Hillary  
Join Hillary live in NC for her first rally since winning last night's debate →    
“Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate. And you know what else I prepared for?

I prepared to be…  
Thank you for your endorsement,  .   
 
Hillary was the winner of the first presidential debate—and newspapers across America agree.  …  
"She gained a massive amount of weight...it was a real problem." —Trump this morning on Alicia Machado  
When you have a really, really good night.    
Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins!
     …  
"Register. Vote. Go out and get engaged!” —     
"I'm glad Trump found out that Crimea was part of Ukraine. By the way, I heard he was on the verge of acknowledging gravity." — 
“Let me tell you who built this damn country: the middle class.” — 

Let's keep building it, together:  
One moment last night that proved—again—that Hillary's the only candidate ready to lead on the global stage:    
'U.S. Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015' via  :  
"Anyone who complains about microphone problems is not having a good night." —Hillary  
Thank you!     
 
Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
Trump on Alicia, 1996: "Miss Piggy."

This morning: "She gained a massive amount of weight...it was a real problem."  
'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch'  
The   trend on Twitter right now is   - thank you!
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched   poll.
'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats'
 
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
"I have a winning temperament." —Donald Trump last night 

Really?    
Only one person on last night's stage is prepared to be Commander-in-Chief. Make sure she gets the chance:…  
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on   at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!
Thank you! Four new   polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN…  
. _REPORT's First Presidential Debate Poll:
Trump: 80%
Clinton: 20%
Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets  !…  
Thank you! CNBC   poll with over 400,000 votes. 
Trump 61%
Clinton 39%
   …  
TIME   poll - over 800,000 votes. Thank you! 
     
.  just said "a historic victory for Trump." NICE!
Wow, did great in the debate polls (except for   - which I don't watch). Thank you!
43 days left. Let’s go win this thing:      
Thank you Governor  ! 
     
Thank you Governor  _Pence!
Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people. 
 …  
Thank you Senator  !
     
   
Donald Trump called her "Miss Piggy" and "Miss Housekeeping."

Her name is Alicia Machado.    
The presidency isn't a reality show—it's as real as it gets. Make sure you're registered to vote:…  
Text IMWITHHER to 47246 to tell Hillary you're on her team all the way to Election Day.    
RT this if you're proud to be standing with Hillary tonight.    
Hillary just proved she's the only candidate who's ready to be president. Chip in now and let's go win this thing:  
. ’s Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $400 Million Ransom Payment  
 
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on  .    
When Donald Trump says he has a "winning temperament."    
The woman Trump called “Miss Piggy” has a name: Alicia.    
.  - Obama   Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat    
"When Donald Trump spends 11 hours testifying in front of a congressional committee, he can talk to me about stamina." —Hillary  
Donald Trump's "cavalier attitude about nuclear weapons is so deeply troubling.”    
Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks,  .
. : Barack Obama is your president too.  
A man who can be provoked by a tweet should not have his hands anywhere near the nuclear codes.  
Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. 
❌LIBYA
❌SYRIA
❌IRAN
❌IRAQ
❌ASIA PIVOT
❌RUSSIAN RESET
❌BENGHAZI…  
This should go without saying: Taking nuclear war lightly is disqualifying for anyone seeking to be President of th…  
Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War.      
. 's 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage   
 
"I hope the fact-checkers are turning up the volume. Donald Trump supported the invasion of Iraq.”  
What is the deal with Donald Trump and Russia?    
When Donald Trump goes low, we go high.    
When a man is sued for discriminating against black tenants &amp; pushes birtherism, he's giving you an idea of what kind of president he'd be.
Donald Trump's answer for his five years of pushing the racist birther conspiracy theory?

"I say nothing."  
"Trump just criticized me for preparing for this debate. You know what else I prepared for? Being president."  
President Obama was born in the United States. He’s American. Trump only has one reason for refusing to admit it.  
Still a complete lie.   
 
Donald Trump is more concerned with pandering to the gun lobby than keeping families safe.    
The fact that Trump's answer to a question about racial injustice is just "we need law and order" pretty much says it all.  
We’ve got to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system and end private prisons.    
I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans!      
We are not going to bring New York’s unconstitutional stop-and-frisk program nationwide.  
"Maybe he didn't do a good job." —Donald Trump

Looks like you “loved” it at the time.  …  
"It's about time this country had somebody running it who has an idea about money." —Trump    
Paying zero in taxes doesn’t make you "smart."

It makes you a tax evader.  
No wonder Donald Trump is hiding his tax returns.    
This is the simple fact about  : she is a typical politician - all talk, no action.  
HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT!  
A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending!    
.  has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her?  
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creati…  
Donald Trump may live in his own reality—but we've got his own words right here. Check them out:    
.  channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them.    
We can step up and confront climate change, save our planet, and invest in clean energy. 

Or, we can do nothing.…  
"I never said that." —Donald Trump, who said that.    
"That's called business." —Donald Trump on the housing crash.

For millions of Americans it was called "losing their home."  
.  and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
Economists project that Trump’s plans would add more than $5,000,000,000,000 to the national debt. That's "trillion" with a "T."
Every time Trump makes a show of railing against outsourcing, remember the countries he shipped jobs and profits to:  
Having a small business owner for a dad may not get you multi-million-dollar bailouts, but it does teach you the va…  
There's only one candidate on stage who will support working families.    
We have to build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top.    
Watch live: Hillary takes the stage for the first presidential debate →    
Let's do this.    
Why isn't Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead?
   
If you're with Hillary, now's the time to show it. Chip in before tonight's debate to have her back:    
No matter what Donald says at tonight's debate, we already know the real Trump.

Follow   for the fa…  
Hillary’s set to take the debate stage at 9pm ET.

Here's where you can watch:      
“You didn’t blame Little John or Meat Loaf. You fired Gary Busey.

These are the kinds of decisions that would keep…  
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!
   
Here are 35 questions Trump still needs to answer.    
Watch this before you watch tonight's debate.    
Trump told 31 outright lies just last week.

Keep him honest at tonight's debate: Follow   to get th…  
"Our presidents are role models for generations of our children. Is this the example we want for them?" — …  
These headlines on Trump's lies are from just one week of his campaign.

Imagine four years of his presidency.  
Everything you need to know before watching tonight's debate:    
Tonight, Hillary will debate Trump for the first time. Follow   to make sure he's held accountable to the facts.  
A reminder heading into tonight's debate.    
"Donald Trump is a man who dwells in bigotry, bluster and false promises." —     
Our daughters deserve better.  
Not a single living president has endorsed Donald Trump.  
Trump can't win tonight's debate by lying to the American people.  
RT this if you've got Hillary's back tonight.    
New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:   
 …  
When we come together, there's no problem we can't solve and no divide we can't heal.  
Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer, the "King," has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed.
Today, the sacrifices of Gold Star families weigh heavier on my mind. Thank you. I will fight to get you the care &amp; benefits you deserve. -H
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
59 years ago, 9 brave students integrated Central High School, changing the course of history. Let's recommit to fi…  
Let's send Donald Trump—and the world—a clear message.      
Imagine Donald Trump sitting in the Situation Room making life or death decisions on behalf of the United States.  
"[Hillary] is one of the most qualified people ever to run for the office, and she easily earns our endorsement.”…  
Our veterans and their families deserve a president who doesn't disrespect and disparage their sacrifices.  
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:
   
7 ways Hillary's policies would help you in your daily life:  
Gold Star families have made sacrifices most of us can't even fathom. They deserve our respect and our thanks.  
Not one living president has said they believe Donald Trump has what it takes to be Commander-in-Chief.  
Meet three women who inspired Hillary to become the person she is today:    
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M.
"Our endorsement is rooted in respect for her intellect, experience, toughness and courage." —  on Hillary…  
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!
The new   is an overdue tribute to African American history. Let's build a more open, inclusive future by reflecting on our past. -H
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today!
Sign up:  
 …  
"Our choice, Hillary Clinton, has a record of service and a raft of pragmatic ideas." —  endorsing Hillary…  
"I thought, this woman—I want to ride with her." —Roxie, a Republican and small business owner, on meeting Hillary  
Hillary's been fighting for women and girls her entire career—and she's just getting started.  
"A lifetime’s commitment to solving problems in the real world qualifies Hillary Clinton for this job." —   
We know all too well who Donald Trump is. Let's make sure he never becomes president:    
RT if you believe that  

Then make sure you're registered to vote:    
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
Donald Trump doesn't see people like Anastasia—he only sees disability.  
Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets:…  
" : Trump is headed for a win, says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes    "
The   endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.
Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action!    …  
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!
"Hillary Clinton is one of the best prepared candidates to seek the presidency." —   
If the young women of this country have Donald Trump as their president, what will they think of themselves?  
Republicans are once again turning their backs on the people of Flint who have waited far too long for help. It's w…  
"I was just blown away by this 9-year-old girl." —Hillary on meeting disability rights advocate    
"Donald Trump committed perjury. Or he looked into the faces of the Republican faithful and knowingly lied."  
"Hillary Clinton would make a sober, smart and pragmatic president. Donald Trump would be a catastrophe." —   
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum ~ 6pm! Tickets available at:…  
Addiction is a disease—not a moral failing. We should support those who are struggling with it.    
Charlotte should release police video of the Keith Lamont Scott shooting without delay. We must ensure justice &amp; work to bridge divides. -H
'How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy'
 
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers &amp; sm. biz, by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%.
"She gives us hope for the future. She's our girl."  —Roxie, co-owner of  , on Hillary  
Tomorrow's the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action!    …  
When Donald Trump speaks about women, our daughters can hear him.  
Is this the president we want for our daughters?  
"He's 70 years old, and he's still a bully." —Karen on    
Our favorite moments from Hillary's appearance on Between Two Ferns →    
Spoke with Governor   of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
"Vote." — _Manuel    
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement.  
SIGN UP TODAY &amp; WE WILL WIN!  
"I really regret doing this." —Hillary on Between Two Ferns  
Let's make sure nobody who works full-time in America has to live in poverty.    
Donald Trump's ties to Russia may conflict with America's interests—but they're great for his bottom line.  
Very concerned about the outage in Puerto Rico and the millions of families who don't have power. Hoping it's resto…  
The man who could be your next president may be deeply indebted to another country. Do you trust him to run ours?  
Most people who are bullies grow out of it. 

Donald Trump hasn't.  
"Donald Trump doesn't see people like me, he only sees disability. I honestly feel bad for someone with so much hat…  
"I think this is the most important election in my lifetime."   takes the 🎤 in this week's podcast:  
Donald Trump is really good at spending other people's money—on:

Legal settlements.
Payoffs.
Portraits of himself.  
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm!  
 
Will be on   now.
Trump should have to answer exactly why he refuses to believe that   is American.  
No child should ever have to grow up in poverty, yet far too many do. We have to do better. Here's how:  
I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on   - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
" :       I love those beautiful gals." D + S = Two amazing women!
.   Thank you!
"You would think there is almost, like, something wrong." —Donald Trump on Mitt Romney failing to release his tax r…  
Going to bat for kids who are too often counted out has always been a priority for Hillary.  
.  is more than just a great running mate—he's a great guy to have as a friend, too.  
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada, North Carolina &amp; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets  !…  
We need a president who sees the best in all of us.  
Thank you Toledo, Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8, 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE…  
A disability shouldn't define your future.

At  , Hillary helped give kids the chance to succeed.  
We believe that everyone has value.
We believe that everyone's created equal.
We believe that love trumps hate.
 
We'll make our economy and country more welcoming to people with disabilities. We all win when everyone gets to share in America's promise.
The ultimate test of our society is how we treat our fellow human beings, especially those who we have previously left behind.
Americans with disabilities deserve the chance to work alongside those without disabilities—to do the same jobs for the same pay &amp; benefits.
We’ve got to build an economy that welcomes people with disabilities, values their work, rewards them fairly, and treats them with respect.
Over 60% of adults with disabilities aren’t in the workplace. We have to fix that.  
None of us gets through life alone. We all have to look out for each other and lift each other up.
Building an inclusive economy is another reason we’ve got to break down systemic racism, including under-investment in communities of color.
When we leave people out or write them off, we not only shortchange them and their dreams, we shortchange our country and our future.
In America, every person, no matter what you look like or who you are, should have the chance to go as far as your dreams will take you.
We need to come together to turn the tide, stop violence, build trust, and give all our kids the chance to grow up safe and healthy.
We've also seen the targeting of police officers—but so many serve every day with courage and honor and are committed to reform.
We have two names to add to a long list of African Americans killed by police officers. It’s unbearable, and it needs to become intolerable.
Live from Orlando: Watch Hillary share her plan for building an inclusive economy that helps everyone get ahead →  
Every student should be able to graduate from college without taking on any debt.    
Keith Lamont Scott. Terence Crutcher. Too many others. This has got to end. -H
Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership.
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind, changing our future. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAF…  
Have student debt? 
Planning for college?
See how much money Hillary's plan would save you:
   
FACT: Donald Trump used his charitable foundation to purchase *multiple* six-foot-tall paintings of himself.  
A real headline about the Republican nominee: "Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems."  
Four months from today, our next president will walk into the Oval Office.

Help make sure it's not Donald Trump:  
On this day in 1973, tennis champion Billie Jean King defeated Bobby Riggs in the “Battle of the Sexes.”  
Thank you Kenansville, North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a…  
"You can leave this ad muted—there's nothing to hear." — 

   
Help get out the vote for Hillary (plus, get a free sticker when you sign up!):  
Thank you High Point, NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation &amp; I will fight to bring us together…  
Trump’s calls to torture and mistreat prisoners go against the very values we are fighting to defend. We’re better than this.
Donald hasn't given his own money to the Trump Foundation since 2008—but it's still paying his bills.  
It's time to tell   that Wall Street works for Main Street—not the other way around.  
Another unarmed Black man was shot in a police incident. This should be intolerable. We have so much work to do.   -H
Donald Trump is using his foundation—funded by other people's money—to settle lawsuits.  
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
"The voice of your vote is the greatest voice we have." — 

   
Thank you Nevada!  
  
   
Thank you Georgia!  
  
   
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.
Catch   at 11:35pm ET to see letters from some of Hillary's biggest fans.  
"You want to give me a good send-off? Go vote.” —Barack Obama:    
Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at    
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!      
I will be interviewed on the   - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!
Nobody in America should have to forgo a higher education because they can't afford it.  
Barack Obama said progress is on the ballot this November. This economic data shows he’s right.  
America has never made progress by thinking one person alone can fix our problems.  
"Everyone who wants to go to college should be able to without drowning in debt." —Hillary  
Be a voter. Check your registration and help your friends do the same →    
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton ‘Blew The Police Off'  
Let’s make clear that love trumps hate—not just this November, but always.  
Find out how much Hillary's college plan will save you:    
"The lesson she passed on to me was simple but powerful: No one gets through life alone." —Hillary on her mom  
When we work together, we will trump hate.  
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont:  
We have to stand up to this hate.

We have to send a clear message: 
America is better than this.
America is better than Donald Trump.
We're facing a candidate with a history of discrimination in his businesses, who retweets white supremacists, and led the birther movement.
In a democracy, if you want to help the greatest number of people, you have to push for reform from both the outside-in and the inside-out.
Simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws.  
When Americans get knocked down, we get right back up again. We refuse to quit—no matter what. 

That’s the spirit we need in this election.
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
We have a Republican nominee for president who incites hatred and violence like we’ve never seen before.
College should be tuition-free for working families and debt-free for everyone:  
If you work hard, you should be able to find a good job that pays well and lets you do what you love and make your mark on the world.
We can build a cleaner, more resilient electrical grid with enough renewable energy to power every home in the country.
It’s wrong to tear each other down.
It’s wrong to let income inequality get worse.
It’s wrong to put a loose cannon in charge.
This election isn’t a reality TV show. It shouldn’t be about birth certificates or name-calling or stunts to get on cable news.
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
You want something to vote for, not just against:

Optimism, not resentment.
Answers, not anger.
Ideas, not insults.
Bridges, not walls.
“Your generation is the most inclusive, progressive, and entrepreneurial we’ve ever seen.” —Hillary to students at  
50 days to go. Don't miss Hillary live from  :  
“I’m Hillary Clinton and I’ve always approved this message.”  
“This threat is real, but so is our resolve. Americans will not cower. We will prevail.” —Hillary  
Our next president needs to have the right temperament to meet the challenges we face.  
“What I’ve laid out is a path forward that will keep us safer...and go after the terrorists to finally destroy them"  
“I’m the only candidate in this race who’s been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield. —Hillary
"Let us be vigilant, but not afraid…we choose resolve, not fear. We will not turn on each other or undermine each other.” —Hillary
"Like all Americans, my thoughts are with those who were wounded, their families, &amp; our first responders” —Hillary on this weekend’s attacks
" :         Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming. Lots young males, poorly vetted.
" :      he's the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!"
Will be on   at 7:02 A.M.  Enjoy.
"We have got to do everything we can to make sure that Hillary Clinton is elected president." —   
Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
Grateful for our brave men and women serving in the   and their families. Happy birthday, USAF!  
Congratulations on your Emmy, Kate! Big fan of yours, too.  
"Progress is on the ballot.
Tolerance is on the ballot.
Democracy is on the ballot.
Justice is on the ballot."  
Next week, Hillary will walk on stage for the first presidential debate. Chip in now for the chance to be there:  
It wasn't so long ago that women faced and took down barriers that can seem ridiculous now.    
"I strongly condemn the apparent terrorist attacks in Minnesota, New Jersey, and New York."  
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!!  
Joel Sollender, WWII veteran and POW, on what it means when he hears Trump insult our vets.  
"Read up on your history. It matters. We've got to get people to vote." — :    
So what exactly is Donald Trump hiding from voters? Pretty much everything.  
“We have to face the world as it is but commit ourselves to turning it into what it should be.” —Hillary  
In a normal election, these 126 things would disqualify Trump from becoming president:  
I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.
If you want to go to college or are saddled with student debt, you'll want to read what   has to say:  
As   said, this election is about what kind of country we want to be and what we want to leave behind for future generations.
We need ideas, not insults. Plans, not paranoia.

We can’t let  's legacy fall into the hands of someone who doesn’t understand that.
"I’m going to close my campaign the way I began my career…focused on opportunities for children and fairness for families." —Hillary
Tune in now to watch Hillary speak to the  :  
Presidential.  
This year, Janelle beat breast cancer with the support of her family, friends, and a presidential candidate.  
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.
So how exactly did Donald Trump build his own bank account?

On the backs of American taxpayers:  
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
My lawyers want to sue the failing   so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting
"I want you to know that I see you, and I’m with you." —Hillary to the Latino community at    
The failing   has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
Trump went to Flint to draw attention to the city's lead poisoning crisis—but he just made a spectacle of himself.  
Let's be clear: Nothing—including an audit—is preventing Trump from releasing his tax returns.  
Any of these examples proves that Donald Trump is unfit to be president.  
"We’re siding with students and with every American seeking an affordable college degree." —   
Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing  , pretends she knows me well--wrong!
Wacky  Dowd, who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!
Hillary's been her childhood pen pal, her graduation cheering section, and her friend. Meet Aleatha:  
Take it from  : This election is too important to sit out. Register to vote:    
9 times Donald Trump accused Hillary of doing the terrible things he, himself, actually did:  
.  just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
It’s time for Donald Trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee.  
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
My thoughts and prayers go out to the   &amp;   police officers- in Philadelphia.  
"Donald Trump’s birther event is the greatest trick he’s ever pulled"
 
A very interesting take from  :  
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two   officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
It's great to be back on the campaign trail.  
The brave men and women who have served our country deserve better than Donald Trump.  
126 things Donald Trump has said and done that should disqualify his candidacy:  
Trump's habit of projecting his actions onto someone else is what 6-year-olds call "I know you are, but what am I?"  
Donald Trump has spent years peddling lies about President Obama.

And that didn't stop today.  
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will  . Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget!  
Donald Trump spent five years lying about  's citizenship. He can’t just take that back.  
"We deserve a president…who believes that each of us is part of the American story, and we’re always stronger together.” — 
“On November 8, you will decide whether we have a president who believes in science and will fight climate change—or not.” — 
“The choice that you make on November 8 will determine whether you can afford college tuition.” — :  
“You’ve got to get yourself and everyone you know registered to vote today.” — :  
"Your decision will determine who sits in the Oval Office after Barack Obama.” — 
"Elections aren't just about who votes, but who doesn't vote." — :  
“We have an opportunity to elect one of the most qualified people who has ever endeavored to become president.” —  on Hillary
"Hillary has the resilience it takes to do this job, see when she gets knocked down…she gets right back up.” — 
"The presidency doesn’t change who you are. It reveals who you are. And the same thing is true of a presidential campaign." — 
"When it comes to the qualifications we should demand in a president...we need someone who’s going to take this job seriously.” — 
“I am thrilled to be here today to support the next president &amp; vice president of the United States, Hillary Clinton &amp; Tim Kaine!” — 
.  is on the trail for Hillary. Tune in to watch her live from Virginia:  
On National Prisoners of War Remembrance Day, a POW shares what it means when Trump insults veterans.  
I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...   
What Trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. Apologize to the President, and to the American people.
Trump’s birtherism stems from the same innate beliefs that led to discriminating against black tenants early in his career. Can't be undone.
The birther lie is what turned Trump from an ordinary reality TV star into a political figure. That origin story can't be unwritten.
Trump has spent years peddling a racist conspiracy aimed at undermining the first African American president. He can't just take it back.
This shouldn't have to be said: You don’t just get to say someone else did the worst things you’ve done. It doesn’t work. No one buys it.
Again, Trump turns his faults on others. Psychologists call it "projecting." Kids call it "I'm rubber, you're glue."  
When Trump tries to deflect blame for denying that   was born in America, he is lying.    
Leading the birther movement is deplorable. Attempting to say it "did a great service" to the president who Trump attacked is asinine.
Expressing zero regret for years of pushing a racist conspiracy theory, Trump again appointed himself judge &amp; jury on  's citizenship.
What Trump just did is a disgrace.
Let’s build a future where love trumps hate.  
“Let’s reject the cynicism, the bullying, and the divisive rhetoric that my opponent is using to try and make us all afraid of each other.”
Donald Trump looks at women and decides how their looks rate on a scale of one to 10.
"He looks at a Gold Star family and sees them as Muslims, not patriotic Americans.” —Hillary on Trump
"Donald Trump looks at a distinguished judge born in Indiana, and he sees a Mexican, not an American.” —Hillary
Donald Trump is unfit to be president.
We just can’t accept this.
We’ve got to stand up to this.
If we don’t, it won’t stop.
Barack Obama was born in America, plain and simple.

Donald Trump owes him and the American people an apology.
Just yesterday, Trump again refused to say with his own words that the president was born in the United States.
"We know who Donald is. For five years, he has led the birther movement to de-legitimize our first black president.” —Hillary
The next 53 days will shape the next 50 years.

The future of our children and grandchildren hangs in the balance.  
"We’ll remember the pain of the Mothers of the Movement and fight for a criminal justice system that actually delivers justice.” —Hillary
“The American people deserve something to vote for, not just against.” —Hillary  
"You don't just deserve a seat at the table. It's past time you had a fair chance to run the meeting." —Hillary to the Black Women’s Agenda
"To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. You need both understanding and action.” —Hillary
"The good news is that my pneumonia finally got some Republicans interested in women’s health.” —Hillary
Watch Hillary speak live at the Black Women's Agenda Symposium:  
I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement.
Remember: Trump, the Birther-in-Chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records.  
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia, New Hampshire -- will be back soon!  
   
President Obama’s successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. Period.
"When I’m under the weather, I can afford to take a few days off. Millions of Americans can’t." Hillary in NC today:  
" _TWEET:  's hair gets the   treatment on      "  So true!
" : Tonight:  ,  , a performance by Kiiara,and your funniest   tweets.  
The polls are closer than ever, and the stakes couldn't be higher. Chip in today.     
Donald Trump still refuses to admit President Obama was born in the United States.  
Trump is running the most divisive campaign of our lifetimes.

There’s no innuendo or dog whistles anymore. It’s all out in the open now.
Donald Trump still refuses to say   was born in America. And this man wants to be our president?

When will he stop this ugliness?
America is one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Not just for people who look or worship a certain way.
Despite what Donald Trump may say, immigrants are not rapists and criminals.
No child should have to say goodbye to their parents every morning not knowing if mom or dad will be there when they get home.
"We have a chance to show that comprehensive immigration reform isn’t just the smart thing to do—it’s what the American people demand."
Supporting families with paid family leave, earned sick days, and affordable child care isn’t a luxury—it’s a necessity.
It's wrong when Latinos are 17% of our population and hold only 2% of its wealth.

We've got to connect more Latinos with good jobs.
"I intend to close my campaign the way I began my career: fighting for kids and families..it will be the passion of my presidency." —Hillary
"You’re not intruders. You’re our neighbors, our colleagues, our friends, our families...I see you, and I am with you." —Hillary to  
“I believe with all my heart that the American Dream is alive, and it’s big enough for everyone to share its promise.” —Hillary to  
Hillary’s live at  . Tune in to hear about her vision for an inclusive America.  
Long overdue, but good to see the Senate approve much-needed aid for Flint. Time for the House to do the same. -H  
Want to compare Hillary and Trump on transparency?

We stacked up everything they have (or haven't) released.  
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the WORLD'S great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation!  
Will be joining   on   at 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy!
Just 54 days left and we don’t have a minute to lose. Text JOIN to 47246 and let’s go win this—together.  
I will be interviewed by   on   tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
“This is why I do it and this is who I’m in it for—to make life better for children and families." —Hillary  
"My opponent has America all wrong. There’s nothing we can’t do when we come together as one nation." —Hillary
As   said, the choice in this election is about who will have the power to shape our children for the next four years of their lives.
We don’t need a president who thinks only married people deserve paid leave and only mothers ever stay home with the kids.
"People accuse me of all kinds of things—you’ve probably seen that. But nobody ever accuses me of quitting.” —Hillary
“I have this old-fashioned notion that if you’re running for president, you should say what you’re going to do.”  
"I’m going to close my campaign the way I began my career...focused on opportunities for kids and fairness for families." —Hillary
The stakes in this election are as high as any in our lifetimes.  
"I want to give our kids a safer world...that means a world with strong allies, more friends, fewer enemies, and fewer nuclear weapons."
"I learned from my family and my Methodist faith that we’re each called to do all the good we can for all the people we can." —Hillary
Hillary’s running for people who are trying to do hard things and need a helping hand, people like Janelle Turner.  
"I’m running for young people like so many of you who dream of changing our world for the better.” —Hillary
For millions of moms and dads, if they get sick, they’re on their own. There’s no backup.  
"It’s great to be back on the campaign trail.” —Hillary in North Carolina. Watch live:  
If you're in college—or have a kid who is—find out how much you could save with Hillary's college plan:  
Trump gets criticized by a Latino judge: calls him a "disgrace."
A Muslim family: he lashes out.
A black pastor:  
Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York.      
Thank you  !  
Let's mark the start of Hispanic Heritage Month by celebrating our country's rich diversity and standing up to bigotry and intolerance. -H
Trump on releasing detailed medical records: "I have no problem in doing so!"

He still hasn't released them.  
Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America!     
   
Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon.    
Trump's global web of financial and business ties would compromise our national security if he’s elected president.  
Trump's detailed medical records are part of a laundry list of things he's hiding from the American public.  
Will be on   at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
" :   you have my vote in Pennsylvania. Trump 2016" Thank you!
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
Proud of you,  _Biles. We can all learn from your courage in standing up to stigma.  
When 40 million Americans are facing the same problem, it's a crisis. One candidate has a plan to address it.  
I will be interviewed on   tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon.    
   
Trump's always put his own profits above all—no matter who else gets hurt. Why would that change if he's president?  
How will Trump guarantee that he'll put America's security over his own financial interests?  
Great evening in Canton, Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: 
   
Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful   in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy!  
Proud to have you on this team,  .    
George was scammed out of his savings—his retirement, his kids' college funds—by a real estate "course" at Trump U.  
Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm:    
Hillary's released her medical information and tax returns.

We're still waiting for Trump to do the same.  
Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me:
   
Donald Trump's foundation: paying off would-be opponents, stiffing actual charities.  
“The bottom line is that we can not afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show.” —   
20 questions Trump needs to answer on his dangerous foreign business ties—and the national security risks they pose.  
20. It's pretty clear: Trump's spent his life unscrupulously looking out for his own wallet above all. Why would that change as president?
19. In sum, how will Trump guarantee that if forced to choose between America's security and his own bank account, he won't pick the latter?
18. We'll let   ask this one:  
Thank you  !  
Video:  
17. Will your children disclose all of the foreign trips and business deals they've undertaken during the campaign, and with whom they met?
16. You've mentioned ~120 foreign deals, including in countries with national security implications. Where and with whom are you working?
15. To what extent are you and your family currently contractually tied to payments from foreign business partners, or governments?
14. We know you engaged extensively in pay-to-play here at home. Have you bribed foreign officials or other parties abroad?
13. How can we know you won't (again) impulsively damage relationships with crucial allies to preserve your own ego?  
12. How can we be sure you'd be willing to be tough on any nation if necessary, if it would put your interests and profits at risk?
11. With business ties to politically-connected Indian developers, how can you conduct foreign policy that puts the U.S. above your profits?
10. How did the Russian mob boss who ran a criminal organization out of Trump Tower get a VIP pass to your Miss Universe pageant in Moscow?
9. Have you or your campaign discussed U.S.-Russian relations with the Russian billionaires with whom you've done business?
8. Will you disclose the nature of your personal and business relationships with all of the Russian oligarchs you are “close” to?
7. To what extent would your foreign policy be dictated by potential financial benefits for your business partners?  
6. Given that you've already questioned our commitments to NATO allies, what is your answer to this?  
5. How can you be tough on Iran, given your business partnership with someone connected to Iranian money laundering?  
4. If you were willing to work with Qaddafi—a known terrorist and dictator—is there anyone you aren't willing to make a deal with? Who?
3. While refusing to release your tax returns, how will you confirm that you do not have dangerous financial ties to bad actors abroad?
2. How will you handle non-cancelable contractual obligations with parties whose interests conflict with those of the United States?
1. Will you sever ties with your company linked to foreign leaders, questionable organizations, and criminals if you become president?
In light of  's report on the Trump Organization's dangerous ties, here are 20 questions that Trump needs to answer—now.
Today's must-read: "Almost every foreign policy decision [Trump] makes will raise serious conflicts of interest."  
Great poll Florida - thank you! 
     
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight!  
Donald Trump's foundation allegedly paid off Florida's attorney general to prevent an investigation into his fraud.  
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
"You don't grade the presidency on a curve." —   
Thank you Rep.  !
   
Thank you Rep.  !
   
Thank you  !
   
"If you're serious about our democracy, then you've got to be with her." —  on Hillary  
CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Transcript:  
   
Danny Williams and his wife Leah lost their home after Trump University took advantage of them.  
California made the right call: Every worker should be treated with dignity and receive the benefits they've earned.  
It’s literally right here:    
A man’s role in child care, according to Donald Trump:  
How pay-to-play works:

1. Trump faces possible investigation
2. Trump gives $$ to AG
3. Investigation never happens  
     
Trump and Pence's courting of white supremacists isn't a game: It's normalizing racism. And it's deplorable.  
Thank you Clive, Iowa!
 
Proud to mark 22 years of the Violence Against Women Act. Our work isn't done until women in every community are safe from violence.
"He’s spent most of his life trying to stay as far away from working people as he could.” —  on Trump  
"Donald Trump says stuff every day that used to be considered as disqualifying for being president." —   
"America is not about ‘yes, he will.' It's about ‘yes, we can.'" — :  
"The bottom line is that we cannot afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show.” —  on the media’s coverage of Donald Trump
"You don't grade the presidency on a curve. This is serious business.” — 
"We cannot take this election for granted. We’ve got to fight for this thing.” — :  
“She knows that love trumps hate.” —  on Hillary
"If you want higher wages, better benefits...then you should be voting for Hillary Clinton." — :  
“Then there’s the other guy, Donald Trump. Don’t boo, vote!” — :  
"I believe there has never been a man or woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as our president." — 
“A leader who's got real plans to break down barriers and blast through glass ceilings." —  on Hillary:  
"Can I just say, I am really into electing Hillary Clinton. This is not me just going through the motions here.” — 
"The choice that you make, that we make, just 8 weeks from today, will determine the direction of this country for a long time.” — 
"We lifted 3.5 million people out of poverty. That's the largest one-year drop in poverty since 1968.” — 
"Even though I have run my last campaign, I am going to work as hard as I can this fall to elect Hillary Clinton." — 
"I could not be prouder of the leader we have nominated to take my place.” —  on Hillary
With just 56 days until Election Day,   is back out on the trail for Hillary in Philly. Watch live:  
As Muslims celebrate Eid al-Adha—a festival of sacrifice, charity, &amp; feeding the poor—let's reflect on those shared values. Eid Mubarak! -H
Pay-To-Play: The act of making a donation to a politician so they'll help you out. See: Donald Trump.  
"It just seems that the economy does better under the Democrats than the Republicans." —Donald Trump, March 2004  
Join us today! Together, we will 
 !
   
7 questions we have about the Trump Foundation (and how Donald used it to stop investigations into his fraud):  
Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon!  
Tickets:    
The   is right to pull tournament games from North Carolina because of the anti-LGBT HB2 law. Discrimination has no place in America. -H
Trump says "you can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens."

What Trump's also said:  
Join me in Clive, Iowa tomorrow at noon!    
Tickets:    
Only one candidate in this race has a plan to tackle these issues. See how her plan would help you:  
A quick search of Trump’s website shows the top mentions of “student debt” and “college” are attacks—not solutions.  
Student debt and the cost of college are incredibly important.

Why isn’t Donald Trump talking about these issues?
Student debt is a major drag on our economy, and it's holding people back from moving forward with life.  
We also need to tackle the student debt crisis and help those like   who have already borrowed.  
The cost of attending HBCUs should never prevent @_bxddxss—or anyone—from attending one:    
Paying for college doesn't end at tuition, so we need to help students pay for other costs like books and housing.  
. 's worries are all-too-common. We need to make attending a community college completely tuition free.  
We’ll make in-state colleges and universities tuition-free for families making under $125,000/year.

That'll help more than 80% of families.
We need to make college debt-free. You shouldn't have to take out loans (or more drastic measures) to attend college  
Young people say two things:
✓ College is too expensive
✓ Student debt is crushing them

We’re going to help them:  
" : Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 ur/our success."
Just got back from Asheville,  North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!   
Your student debt collector would really like you not to vote for Hillary.    
The Trump Foundation: "an arrangement worked out for maximum benefit at minimum sacrifice.”  
If you won’t say the KKK is deplorable, you have no business running the country.  
"You can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens." —Donald Trump

About that.  
Like anyone who’s ever been home sick from work, I’m just anxious to get back out there. See you on the trail soon. -H
Thanks to everyone who’s reached out with well wishes! I’m feeling fine and getting better. -H
Debt shouldn't hold people back from going to college.

Let's make sure it doesn’t.    
Trump's calling for trillion dollar tax cuts for Wall Street.

It's time for them to pay their fair share.  
Whether you have student debt or you're preparing for school, see how much our college plan could save you.  
Stopped by   to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work!  
The reporting on Hillary's emails has left the basis of facts and veered into dangerous territory.  
Introducing our college calculator: Find out how much Hillary's plan could save you or your family on student loans.  
Trump uses his foundation to pay for things with other people's money.    
Will be on   at  :22. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on   at 7:00 A.M.
 
 
We'll never forget the horror of September 11, 2001. Today, let's honor the lives and tremendous spirit of the victims and responders. -H
"Trump spent $20,000 of money earmarked for charitable purposes to buy a six-foot-tall painting of himself.”  
"The story has vastly exceeded the boundaries of the facts." —  on the reporting on Hillary's emails  
The seriously failing  , despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!
Remember: If he becomes president, Donald Trump would have the U.S. economy in his hands.    
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
Except for African Americans, Muslims, Latinos, immigrants, women, veterans—and any so-called "losers" or "dummies."  
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!
"I won't stop calling out bigotry and racist rhetoric in this campaign." —Hillary  
Hillary on the faith that drives her: "Do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can."  
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!
Our next president needs to do everything possible to make life a little easier for working parents.  
Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
" : Just Watched  . Obviously Tony is a Total Whack Job  "
Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible.
I havn't seen   in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!
Dummy writer  , who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
"Women are seen through a different lens." —Hillary to    
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us:   
   
Thank you for being so brave, Astrid. I’m going to do everything I can to keep families like yours together. -H  
We can’t let Trump’s “manifest unfitness for office” become normal. We need to hold him accountable.  
When Hillary talks about needing more love and kindness in our lives, this is what she means.  
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on   at 8:10pm from Pensacola, Florida.
Thank you Ohio. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
   
Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful  _gilmore of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim!  
Join   and activists across the country in supporting LGBT rights this November:  
At the 2016 DNC,   Press Secretary   became the first openly trans person to speak at a convention.  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
     
Appalling behavior from Wells Fargo. This is exactly why we need a strong  —and can't let Trump dismantle it.  
Let's send Donald Trump a powerful message on Election Day. 

     
Women like Elaine served our country and blazed a trail for others to follow. They've earned our highest honors.  
North Korea’s decision to conduct another nuclear test is outrageous and unacceptable.  
Watch live as   campaigns for Hillary in Philadelphia →    
Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed   announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!
If you want to see what corruption actually looks like, this is it.    
This is what a comprehensive (not "secret") counterterrorism plan looks like.  
We can only confront a challenge like Zika when we come together. It's time for Republicans to fund this fight:   -H
Jeff Zucker failed   and he is now failing  .
If you've ever wondered what Hillary's like as a friend, you could ask Janelle.  
.  is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. They
are a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
Making the wrong choice on climate change would be a disaster for our kids and grandkids.  
The documentary of me that   just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
The next time Trump throws a tantrum, picture him in the Situation Room making life-or-death decisions for us.  
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you!      
The most important quality in a president and Commander-in-Chief is steadiness—an absolute, rock solid steadiness.  
Unlike Trump's, this plan to defeat ISIS isn’t a “secret.”  
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail.
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. 
     
We need a president who will do justice, love kindness, and walk humbly.  
We need a president who understands that none of us has all the answers and no one person can fix our problems alone.
"Everyone here...has stumbled on their own stony roads. It’s grace that lifts us up, grace that leads us home.” —Hillary to the  _inc
"Humility is not something you hear much about in politics, is it? But we should. None of us is perfect." —Hillary
Do all the good you can,
for all the people you can,
in all the ways you can,
for as long as you can.  
This election is too important for anyone to sit on the sidelines.

Make sure your friends are registered to vote.  
Let's beat back the assault on voting rights—a blast from the Jim Crow past that must be stopped.

We should expand voting rights instead.
Every child should be able to live up to their God-given potential, no matter where they come from, what they look like, or who they love.
Together, we’ll face head-on the reality of systemic racism and work to reform our criminal justice system.  
Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the bus—now it’s our job to create more good jobs so everyone can afford the fare.
None of us can sit back while the epidemic of gun violence ravages our country.  
We have to work together to make sure every child has clean water to drink and air to breathe and good schools, no matter their zip code.
"Thank you for loving all people, especially 'the least, the last, and the lost' among us." —Hillary to the  _inc
Anyone who looks at the African American community and sees only poverty, crime, and despair is missing so much.  
Hillary’s talking to  _inc about her faith live in Kansas City. Watch here:  
7 ways Donald Trump proved he’s not ready to be Commander-in-Chief (in less than 30 minutes):  
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC.      
Hillary chats favorite books, handling criticism, and life on the trail in episode 3 of With Her. Listen here 🎧 :  
With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.
At last night's forum, Trump disrespected our generals, our country, and women in the military—but he praised Putin.  
We can build a future where we’re stronger together. That’s who we are as Americans. Text JOIN to 47246 to get involved.
"As your Commander-in-Chief, I will not trash our country’s most cherished values. I will defend them.” —Hillary
We’re going to guarantee equal pay for women. It is long overdue.  
What’s the best way to stand up for voting rights? Get registered:  
Hillary’s speaking in North Carolina on her vision to build an economy that works for everyone. Tune in:  
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as  .
Before Hillary, the last Democrat the   endorsed was FDR:  
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
Last night, Trump chose to talk about his deep admiration and support for Putin.

Maybe he did it with a smile.  
The next time Donald Trump throws a temper tantrum, imagine if he had the nuclear codes.  
“I love this country. I will serve it with my entire heart, mind, and soul.” —Hillary on the tarmac to reporters
"A rough night for Hillary Clinton"  ABC News.
There's only one candidate in this election who's ready to be America's Commander-in-Chief.  
Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!
COMING UP     on  
Thank you to   for the nice reviews of last night.
Thank you America - great   polls!  
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Imagine this man in charge of our men and women in uniform.  
Actually, that’s just what taking the office of President seriously looks like.  
Donald Trump is unqualified and totally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.

You can stop him. Register to vote today:  
Text QUALIFIED to 47246 if you agree there was only one candidate tonight who showed she's ready to be the next president.
Donald Trump could be our next Commander-in-Chief.

Chip in to make sure it never happens:    
"It is a correct tweet." —Donald Trump, just now     
The worst part is, this isn’t the first time Donald Trump has praised Russia and Putin.    
“I have a very good brain.” —Donald Trump on his foreign policy advisors

(Himself.)  
Tonight, Trump is going to try and claim he's ready to be Commander-in-Chief. The facts say otherwise. 

Follow   to see why.
Not every wound can be seen. Our veterans deserve the best mental health services we can give.    
We need to do everything we can to remove barriers to the health care our veterans need—whether physical or mental.  
"I will not let the VA be privatized." —Hillary    
Hillary has spent decades fighting for veterans, members of the military, and their families.    
Our next Commander-in-Chief needs to have the steadiness, strength, and judgment to make life and death decisions.  
It takes experience, toughness, and a steady temperament to be our Commander-in-Chief.    
Donald Trump has proven over and over again that he's unfit to be our Commander-in-Chief.  
Tonight, Americans will hear what Trump would do as Commander-in-Chief.

Here are 5 reasons he's unfit for the job:  
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.  
Thank you Peter - if elected, I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down!    
A man who talks about our veterans and military families like this doesn't deserve to be Commander-in-Chief.  
Wow - thank you Pensacola, FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me!
   
The U.S. presidency isn't an entry-level job.

How Hillary's time as our secretary of state shows she's ready:  
Did Trump use his charitable foundation to prevent a state attorney general from investigating his fraud?  
 !  
. ,  , and Leon Panetta agree: Hillary's one of the best secretaries of state we've had.  
We can't afford a president who would sabotage our efforts to fight climate change.  
Donald Trump doesn't "know why" African Americans would be offended that he pushed the "birther" conspiracy:  
When our SEALs took out bin Laden, they brought the terrorists' families to safety first. That's American honor.  
'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll'    
 
The   hasn't endorsed a Democrat for president since before WWII. Here's why it's endorsing Hillary:  
World leaders on why Hillary's tenure as secretary of state prepared her to be president:  
"I know more about ISIS than the generals do." —Donald Trump

No, you don't.  
" _fa:Kudos to   for standing up to CNN's attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending     bias
If Donald Trump doesn't show all Americans the respect they deserve, he doesn't deserve to be their president.  
Enter to win a signed copy of Hillary and Tim's new book!  
I will be interviewed on   tonight at 11pmE  . Enjoy!
"I think I've made a lot of sacrifices." —Trump's response to the parents of Humayun Khan, who died serving in Iraq  
Thank you North Carolina- get out &amp;   on 11/8/2016!
   
We should be helping more immigrant families stay together, not tearing them apart.  
"Clinton’s proposals would revolutionize how we treat young children in America.”  
Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by  ,  ,   &amp;  .  
Donald Trump has a problem looking at someone different from himself and actually seeing them.  
Thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans.    
We can take on the threat of climate change and make America a clean energy superpower.

Or, we can do nothing.  
Vote this year like your future depends on it—because it does:  
"I call on all Republicans to put people before politics and finally vote on a clean funding bill to fight Zika right here in Florida."
Donald Trump is totally unfit and unqualified to be president of the United States:  
Trump says he “knows more about ISIS than the generals do.”

Not only is that wrong, it's disrespectful to our men and women in uniform.
Right now, too many Americans are being held back by student debt.

We’ve got to fix that:  
Anybody working full-time should not be living in poverty. It’s time to raise the minimum wage.  
In America, we don't say, “I alone can fix it.”

We say, "We'll fix it together.”  
We’re going to make our economy grow, but we’re also going to make it fair. Here’s how:  
"I want to be a president for all Americans, not just for some Americans; Democrats, Republicans, Independents." —Hillary
The stakes in this campaign couldn’t be higher. Make sure you’re registered to vote:  
63 days left.

Watch live as Hillary hits the trail in Tampa →  
Join me in Pensacola, Florida this Friday at 7pm!   
   
Thank you!      
Only one candidate in this race is standing up for working families. Take a look:  
Our veterans and military families deserve better.  
Mainstream media never covered Hillary’s massive “hacking”
or coughing attack, yet it is   trending. What’s up?
" : Message for undecided voters: Please wake up and vote DonaldTrump now! Trump/Pence very important save our America before too late!"
Thank you!    
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
Today, we'll hear Trump talk about our veterans.

Our new ad on what they've been hearing from Trump for months:  
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama "the son of a whore." Terrible!
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!
"The essence of his campaign is bigotry." —  on Donald Trump in New Hampshire  
Unions have had the backs of working families for decades. Now they need to know we have theirs.  
Thank you Ohio!    
"Human rights are women's rights, and women's rights are human rights." —Hillary in Beijing, 21 years ago today  
Sec. of Labor Frances Perkins was our first woman cabinet member and an architect of the Fair Labor Standards Act.  
One candidate would stand up for workers and their families. The other? Not so much.  
Unions gave us higher wages, weekends, and the largest middle class in the world. That's worth celebrating &amp; protecting. Happy  ! -H
Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls.    
.  Yes.  
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting  _Pence &amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders.      
Unions stand up for workers who need someone to have their backs. We need a president who will do the same.  
If you're a fan of weekends, thank a union member.  
   
Video:    
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac!  
President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
" :   I followed you because you are a patriot &amp; support  , as do I.   by sticking together.
" : I'm at a biker rally in Perry, Kansas...and everyone is a   fan. Love it."
" :        Trump now leads her by 2 - get real, she will lose big"
" :   We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country !! Vote for Trump !!"
" :   It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then it's this, then it's that.
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the "C" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
There's going to be no one left in Washington for Trump to work with who he hasn’t insulted.  
To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE "T"
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as  , if it is going to stop illegal immigration.
Astonishing that the Republican nominee still refuses to acknowledge that   was born in the United States.  
We have a new  ! Check out letters to Hillary from Americans around the country at    
" :     CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump 2016!!"
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
"That’s a special thing about Hillary—when there’s a job worth doing, she doesn’t abandon it." —President Carter  
Wow, the failing   has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
Thanks,  , for reaffirming the law to protect women's health—whichever provider you choose.  
Even before his hateful speech this week, Trump has never been vague about his feelings toward immigrants.  
A reminder as America officially joins the Paris climate agreement.

We can’t stop there:    
.  is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all   talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday, 9/9/16 at 7pm. Join me!    
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, and Detroit!
 
Our planet's future depends on the decisions we make now.

RT if you agree it's time to combat climate change.  
Donald Trump's pattern of prejudice and discrimination started long before he was a presidential candidate.  
   
Donald Trump's plan on immigration has been clear all along: demonize immigrants, "build a wall," deport millions.  
     
America needs leadership in the White House, not a liability.    
When Ruline was born in 1913, women couldn't vote.

In 2016, she'll cast her vote to elect the 1st woman president.  
Drug companies should never put profits before patients. Our plan to stop excessive prescription drug price hikes:  
Great new poll Iowa - thank you!
     
Trump and his hateful language are affecting our kids. These are some of the heartbreaking things they're saying:  
The worst part is, Trump's disturbing policies for immigrant families go way beyond just "building a wall."  
As a candidate, Trump has already embarrassed us on the world stage.

Imagine the damage he'd do as president.  
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to  !
Just heard that crazy and very dumb   had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings  _Joe. Joe a mess!
The disastrous Mexico wall trip: a case study in the Trump school of diplomacy.  
So, how did Donald Trump's first swing at diplomacy go? Not so great.

Try to follow his decision-making process:  
Turns out, hosting Miss Universe pageants abroad doesn't equate to diplomatic skills.  
It took Donald Trump exactly one foreign policy trip to get rebuked by a leader of an ally nation.  
I will be interviewed by   tonight at 8pm on the  . Enjoy!
If Trump needs help with diplomacy, he could learn a lot from our last secretary of state.  
Born Sept. 1, 1933, former TX Gov. Ann Richards opened doors for women and minorities in her own state and beyond.  
"There will be no softening whatsoever." —the   on Trump's most alarming immigration speech yet  
This choice couldn't be starker.  
I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO!    
"Trump, the self-proclaimed tough negotiator, not only choked but openly lied about choking."  
"He’s causing nations to wonder if we’ll actually keep our word.” —  on Donald Trump:  
"I'm so sick and tired of people like Trump...saying we get 'paid too much.'" —  in Ohio:  
Tune in now to watch   hit the trail for Hillary in Ohio:  
Thank you for having me this morning  . I enjoyed my time with everyone!    
Trump's extreme immigration speech got rave reviews—from white supremacists, the alt-right, and Ann Coulter.  
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Thank you to   for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Under a Trump administration, it's called  !  
 
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
 
There will be no amnesty!
   
 
Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%!
   
 
Donald Trump could actually be our next president. Chip in before midnight to make sure that never happens:  
There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.  
We are not going to criminalize, profile, round up, and deport 16 million people.  
Trump just failed his first foreign test. Diplomacy isn't as easy as it looks. -H
A wall that Mexico will pay for: a bad idea from an even worse negotiator.  
Just arrived in Arizona!  
 
Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"It turns out Trump didn't just choke, he got beat in the room and lied about it." —   
“I will never lie to you.” —Donald Trump, August 18, 2016  
Great news for North Carolinians. Let's make voting easier so every voice in our democracy can be heard. -H  
Trump has vilified Mexicans and immigrants since day one of his campaign. That's not what America stands for.  
"We are building a wall. He's a Mexican!” —Donald Trump, June 3, 2016  
As Trump meets with President Peña Nieto, a helpful refresher on some of the things he’s said about Mexico:  
"They have to go."

Trump has been perfectly clear about his intentions for millions of immigrants.  
Our veterans deserve our thanks. You deserve a country that honors your service, not just with words but with deeds.  
50 GOP national security experts said they will not vote for Trump because he would be “the most reckless president in American history.”
Too many veterans and their families aren’t getting the mental health services they need. Our plan to fix that:  
"I will never, ever disrespect Gold Star families who’ve made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation or prisoners of war.” —Hillary
The last thing we need is a president who brings more name-calling and temper tantrums to Washington.
"I completely reject anyone, including my opponent, who calls the American military a 'disaster.'" —Hillary to the  
We can’t cozy up to dictators; we have to stand up to them.

We can’t contain ISIS; we must defeat it. And we will.
Getting countries to work together takes more than trying to make up for a year of insults by dropping in for a few hours, then flying home.
American leadership means standing with our allies, because our network of allies is part of what makes us exceptional.
“No matter how great the challenge, America must lead.” —Hillary to the    
. , vetoing a minimum wage increase is a blow to working families. No one who works full-time should have to live in poverty. -H
We're still 2.5 million away from reaching our August fundraising goal. Chip in by midnight and get a free sticker:  
RT this if you agree.  
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
A big, beautiful list of literally every tweet Donald Trump has sent about Mexico over the last two years.  
"From the first days of his campaign, Donald Trump has painted Mexicans as 'rapists' and criminals."  
Thank you Washington! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!      
What you need to know about the "alt-right" and  's connections to white supremacy and hate groups:  
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
Thank you North Carolina!    
Trump loves his "Make America Great Again" hat a lot for a guy who outsourced jobs to 12 different countries.  
Trump's plan:
1. Round up and deport every single undocumented immigrant
2. Build a concrete wall

An alternative:  
60% of adults experiencing mental health illnesses are untreated. It's time to close the treatment gap.  
Thank you America!  
   
Eight reasons why you shouldn't need a four-year degree to have a successful career:  
The   is saving lives around the world.  
Mike Pence’s governorship has been devastating to Indiana women. Just ask one of them:  
We're facing the highest suicide rate in 30 years. Let's make sure every family can access mental health treatment.  
Give the Trump family a huge tax cut or take care of our veterans? Not a hard choice.    
Big victory from the   for workers' right to organize for fair wages and benefits.    
" : Looking forward to seeing you again! Everett to be a packed house!     _pence"
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
It's time to finally put access to care for mental health on par with physical health.  
The choice in November: a president with real plans to combat climate change—or one who calls it a hoax.  
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington, Ohio at noon!  
Tickets:    
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at 6pm!  
Tickets:    
     
Donald Trump: Make ________
Bangladesh
China
India
Indonesia
Vietnam
Mexico
Slovenia
Great Again?  
We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as  !  
Qumber's parents came to this country for the American Dream. Trump is a threat to all they've achieved:  
Too many Americans living with mental illness have been left to face it on their own.    
Trump talks about enacting extreme policy ideas that hurt Americans. 

His VP pick has actually done it.  
   
Charity Watch called the   "one of the great humanitarian charities of our generation."  
Dear Donald: You can't make America great again when you don't make things in America.
 
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
" :   I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in (blank)  &amp; she still has room.
" : Thank-You Clarence Henderson for telling   you know racism &amp; it's not DonaldTrump   via  "
" : Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron, Ohio is a Sea of Women, Minorities, Independents, Dems   via  
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!
We have some questions about this letter from Donald Trump's doctor.  
Trump's housing company would mark black renters' applications with a "C" for "colored"—then reject them.  
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
"The right to vote is still the most powerful nonviolent tool of transformation we have." —   
We're stronger together—and the diversity of our athletes in Rio proved it.
 
When Trump was starting in business, he was sued by the Justice Department for refusing to rent to black tenants.  
53 years ago, Dr. King told us his dream. Today, let's recommit ourselves to the march toward equality for all.   -H
Hillary's small business plan:
✓ cut paperwork
✓ improve funding access
✓ save businesses $
   
Thank you Arizona!    
Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets:    
" daHarden:   America loves Trump and  _pence -- praying for you every day. Stay strong.    
NATIONAL DEBT 
January 2009 = $10.6 TRILLION
August 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION  
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery.  
Families across America are feeling the strain from prescription drug price-gouging. Here's how we'll take this on:  
Thank you Iowa!    
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator  . Look forward to being with all of my friends.
Helping small businesses succeed is about more than policy—it's personal.    
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.
You can learn a lot about a person by the company they keep.

Here's some of the company Trump keeps:  
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
" :   Leader:   ‘No Regard For Black Race’   via    
" : Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump.  , she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor.
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL!
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today.
     
Join us via our new   APP!      
Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great!  
Happy National Dog Day!  
Thank you   Florida. Keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters!
    
I will be interviewed by   
at 7pm on  .  !
Making it easier to live the American Dream means making it easier to start and grow a small business.
 
Daughter, business owner, and immigrant: Meet Luisa—chaser of the American Dream.
 
Happy   from  .  
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat:  
So what has the   been up to? Helping millions of people get more affordable medicine to treat HIV/AIDS.
 
Meet the ‘Trumpocrats’: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President:  
"Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery"    
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized?
Yes,   really did say all of these hateful things.  
On  , celebrate your right to vote by making sure you're ready to exercise it:  
Even as we celebrate the 19th Amendment, remember the struggle for voting rights continued for women of color. That fight continues today.
On this day in 1920, the 19th Amendment was adopted and many women won the right to vote. Let's break more ceilings.  
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
We've made our union more perfect because people refused to be kept on the sidelines. Onward.  
 
Wonderful   was attacked viciously and unfairly on   by crazy   on low ratings  _Joe. Apologize!
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
Countless women fought to win the right to vote. On the anniversary of the 19th Amendment's adoption, let's recommit to protecting it. -H
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communities
Republican leaders should take a look at who they're standing with.  
The Clinton's are the real predators...
 
" : Your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows, you represent HOPE!!"
Donald Trump’s campaign of prejudice and paranoia is unlike anything we’ve seen—and it’s profoundly dangerous.  
"Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign."    
" : Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner   via dailycaller"
" : Flashback: Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as 'Friend and Mentor':  "
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. 
Full speech transcript:  
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!
Trump's bigoted rhetoric and policy proposals aren't a dog whistle. We hear him loud and clear.
 
It's not a coincidence that white supremacists proudly support Trump.  
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail, they are left w/this one tired argument!
 
Trump asked what the African American community has to lose by voting for him.  's response:  
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
 , no one deserves this—least of all someone who brings us so much joy. I'm with you. -H
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Just watched recap of  's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
Trump says he wants to "make America great again," but his real message remains “make America hate again.”  
This election is too important for anyone to sit out.

Text JOIN to 47246 or go to   Let’s go win this, together.
Our rising generation of young Americans is the most open, diverse, and connected we’ve ever seen.
"Every day, more Americans are standing up and saying 'enough is enough'—including a lot of Republicans. I’m honored to have their support."
In 2008, John McCain told his own supporters that Barack Obama is an American citizen and "a decent person."
The week after 9/11, George W. Bush went to a mosque and declared for everyone to hear that Muslims 'love America just as much as I do.'
20 years ago, when Bob Dole accepted the Republican nomination, he pointed to the exits and told any racists in the Party to get out.
There’s an old Mexican proverb that says “Tell me with whom you walk, and I will tell you who you are.”

We know who Trump is.
A fringe element has effectively taken over Trump’s campaign and the Republican Party.  
Trump hired the head of Breitbart "News" to be CEO of his campaign. Here's a sample of their work:  
Trump likes to say he only hires the "best people," but he’s had to fire so many campaign managers it’s like an episode of the Apprentice.
Trump would ban every Muslim around the world—1.5 billion men, women, and children—from entering the U.S. just because of their religion.
Trump would abolish this bedrock constitutional principle: if you’re born in the U.S., you’re an American citizen.  
Trump would form an armed deportation force to round up millions of immigrants and kick them out of the country.  
Look at the policies Trump has proposed—they would put prejudice into practice.  
Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president of the United States.
Someone as detached from reality as Donald Trump should never be in charge of making decisions that are as real as they come.
Trump suggested that Ted Cruz’s father was involved in the Kennedy assassination.

Of course there’s absolutely no evidence of that.
Trump claimed that thousands of American Muslims in New Jersey cheered the 9/11 attacks.

They didn’t.  
When Donald Trump was asked about anti-Semitic slurs and death threats coming from his supporters, he refused to condemn them.
Trump refused to disavow the support of David Duke, a notorious former leader of the Ku Klux Klan.  
Trump famously posted an anti-Semitic graphic that first appeared on a white supremacist website.  
Trump retweets white supremacists. He took a fringe bigot and spread his message to 11 million people.  
If Donald Trump doesn’t respect all Americans, how can he serve all Americans?  
In 2015, Trump launched his own campaign for president by describing Mexican immigrants as rapists and criminals.  
Trump first gained political prominence promoting the racist lie that President Obama isn’t really an American.  
State regulators fined one of Trump’s casinos for repeatedly removing black dealers from the floor.
When Trump was getting his start in business, he was sued by the Justice Dept. for refusing to rent apartments to black and Latino tenants.
Trump is reinforcing harmful stereotypes and offering a dog whistle to his most hateful supporters.
Donald Trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia. He’s taking hate groups mainstream.
"Everywhere I go, people tell me how concerned they are by the divisive rhetoric coming from my opponent in this election." —Hillary
Live from Reno: Hillary discusses why  's divisive rhetoric is so dangerous to our future →  
Longtime Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke supports Donald Trump because they share so many of the same values.  
America has a lot to lose by electing Trump. But there’s one group in particular who has everything to gain.  
Why do so many Ku Klux Klan members support Trump?

"A lot of what he believes, we believe in."  
Thank you to the Orlando Health and Florida Hospital for showing empathy and kindness in the face of hate. -H  
There's a reason the most hateful fringe of the right wing is supporting Donald Trump.
 
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida   Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!
" _Videos: . _Farage of the   fame - We CAN do this! We can   with    "
"He is taking a hate movement mainstream. He has brought it into his campaign." —Hillary to   on Trump
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Great Governor  _Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
Will be on   @ 10pE  - discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will   &amp; enforce our laws!
8 things you can do *today* to help elect Hillary:  
Thank you for your support!
     
FACT: The   helps 11.5 million people with HIV/AIDS worldwide get their medication.  
A great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you!    
Thinking about the people of both Italy and Myanmar as they respond to today's earthquakes. My heart goes out to the victims’ families. -H
Indiana organizer Hillary Rodham in 1976. Join her team:    
EpiPens can be the difference between life and death. There's no justification for these price hikes.   -H
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will  ! 
   
Great new poll Florida - thank you!    
A message from Hillary to young women everywhere:    
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! 
 
 
 
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
It's HFA Volunteer Day, and we're looking for 50,000 volunteers. Help us get there—find your friends on Facebook:  
Thank you Travis County, Texas!
   
"No matter how daunting the odds, she never—ever—quits. That is the Hillary I know." — 
 
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on   at 10pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy!  
Why would we give Trump's family a $4 billion tax cut when we could use that money to fix 8,000 bridges?  
In Austin, Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down!    
The gender wage gap is even wider for women of color.

It's time to ensure equal pay.    
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy. We should focus on supporting them—not stiffing them.  
Join me in Tampa, Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets:    
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
On average, it takes black women until today to catch up to white men's 2015 earnings. Time to close the pay gap.  
Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
We heard Trump's demonizing comments on immigrants loud and clear the first time. And the second, third, fourth ...
 
It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a   Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
Tune in to watch Hillary on  , 11:35 ET/10:35 CT.  
Donald Trump's economic plan is rigged so rich people like him get tax cuts at the expense of everybody else.  
Have a beer with   in the second episode of With Her, the official campaign podcast. Listen here:  
The stories behind some of the history-making women of  .    
The   quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy, boring!
. 's new book, 'In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
“If I have the opportunity, I’ll do whatever I can to make things a little easier for you." —Hillary to young women  
Cheryl lost her husband in Iraq. Then Trump's company targeted her and scammed her out of $35,000.  
Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron, Ohio.  
In times of crisis, America depends on steady leadership, clear thinking, and calm judgment.  
.  takes the mic in the latest episode of With Her, the official campaign podcast. Subscribe &amp; listen here:  
One wrong move can be the difference between life and death when you're president.
 
The best way to help Louisianans affected by terrible flooding is to make sure they have the resources they need:  
"Everything I say I'm going to do, folks, I do." — 

Here's why that's a disaster for our economy:  
Statement on Clinton Foundation:
 
Will be interviewed on   at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of   and his very insecure long-time girlfriend,  . Two clowns!
Tried watching low-rated  _Joe this morning,  unwatchable!   is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!
" :       Trump leading LA Times poll  "
This week, Donald Trump made a shockingly ignorant pitch to African American voters.  
" :     The ad was actually very good!"
" :      You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HC's 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K"
" _TM:   TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER!     "
" :   _Joe Video: Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel.  "
I heard that  _Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
“Her mastery of issues and detail is unlike any politician I’ve met." — 's editor-in-chief on Hillary  
Hillary met with Miami doctors to discuss the public health challenge of treating and preventing Zika.
 
Congrats to Flint, Michigan's   on her second Olympic gold medal for  .  
Donald Trump’s new message to African American voters isn’t just inaccurate. It’s outrageous.  
If you were president, how would you spend $4 billion? 
 
(One guess as to Trump's answer:  
There is so much more that unites us than divides us. That's why we're the greatest country on Earth.  
This lifelong Republican wrote a letter to his daughter about why he's voting for Hillary this November:  
It's too late now to say sorry, Donald.  
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
 
" :   please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful"  Good!
" :   been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!"
We will bring America together as ONE country again – united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams.  
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!    
Will be interviewed on   at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
If you dream it, you should be able to build it.    
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!
This choice is pretty straightforward.    
Donald Trump has shown us who he is. We should believe him.  
Trump’s tax plan could give his own family a $4 billion tax break. Here's what we could do with that money instead:  
Thank you  - will see you soon.   
 
Let's send Donald Trump a message in November: We're not going back.  
"I don't regret anything." —Donald Trump, August 2, 2016
 
This week, Donald Trump suddenly tried to claim that he has some "regrets." About that...  
" : 200,000 new followers for  . From 10,800,000 to 11,000,000, All in the last ten days or so!    
Trump says he hires the best people. This is what he means:  
. _Graham    - so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts &amp; prayers.  
We are one nation. When one hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up.
   
 ? Sleeping!!!!!
This is so ignorant it’s staggering.  
Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!    
When the IOC introduced women's wrestling in 2004,  _Maroulis dreamed of gold. Yesterday that dream came true.  
So who exactly is advising Trump on foreign policy?  
Today is  's birthday! It's not too late to sign his card here:  
Why do Trump and Putin keep saying all the same things? (Hint: It's not Manafort.)
 
The flooding in Louisiana is worse than anyone expected, and they need our support. Here's how you can help:  
45 years later, I couldn’t be happier to have you by my side. Happy birthday, Bill! -H  
Great job by   on interview with   on  .    
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
The reporting at the failing   gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI.
We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up.  
Priorities.    
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina!
  
 
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
Congrats to  's  _Rollin,  , and   on their historic podium sweep last night.  
Glad to see that the Justice Department is ending the use of private prisons. This is the right step forward. -H  
Donald Trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. Doing so could save his family $4 billion and 99.8% of families $0.  
     
Donald Trump promised to release his tax returns if he ran for office.
 
Now? "It's none of your business."
 
"  sees only one person running for president who can do the job: Hillary Clinton."  
Don't waste it. Make sure you're registered to vote:    
Donald Trump's plan: a multi-billion dollar tax cut for himself and the wealthiest Americans  
We know that giving millionaires huge tax breaks doesn't help our economy. So why would we try it again, Donald?  
Does Trump actually pay his fair share in taxes? Until he releases his tax returns, voters won't know for sure.  
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
At the 1988 Olympic games, Jackie Joyner-Kersee became the first woman to win gold in the long jump for  .  
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on   -  
Let’s make sure it does on Election Day →    
Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and fear, and he's got a new campaign chief to match.  
Donald Trump just hired the head of an extreme, right-wing "news" organization to run his campaign.  
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by   tonight at 10pmE on  . Enjoy!  
We are going to make this a government of the people once again!
   
 
We can't let   become our next president.    
Trump boasts the support of some of the most extreme voices in politics. Now one of them runs his campaign:  
We will repeal &amp; replace  , which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster!  
With just 83 days until Election Day, Trump hired one of the most extreme right-wing voices to run his campaign.  
Donald Trump is still the same man who insults Gold Star families, demeans women, and mocks people with disabilities.
The Trump Loophole would let millionaires cut their tax rates in half and do nothing for 99.8% of Americans.  
The choice on jobs in this election (it’s not a hard one).    
If you do your job, you’re supposed to be rewarded for your work, not stiffed.  
We’ve got to get the economy working for everybody, not just those at the top. Too many families are feeling financial stress.
Watch live: Hillary’s speaking in Cleveland about building an economy that works for everyone →  
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, &amp; lost opportunities.  
 
   
 
Thank you Governor   &amp;   Chairman   Priebus. 
   
 
Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm!   
Tickets:  
One candidate would help millions of hardworking Americans. The other would only help those at the top.  
   
Video:    
   
Transcript:  
Today,  _Biles landed a spot in history as the first woman from   to win 4 golds. Well done, Simone!  
Will be on   tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin.  
If you were born between 1980 and 2002, Hillary has big plans to help you.  
Just as we won the Cold War, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....
Cont:  
Trump's idea for a new immigration test: "Those who...support bigotry and hatred will not be admitted."

Awkward.  
This is my pledge to the American people:  
Closely monitoring the flooding in Louisiana &amp; Mississippi. The   is helping displaced families in need:   -H
"This man is totally, thoroughly unqualified to be president." —  on  
 
'It's just a 2-point race, Clinton 38%, Trump 36%'  
Last night,   won her 7th Olympic medal. Congrats to the most decorated woman in the history of  !  
Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on   plans.' Only the beginning!  
It’s not just that Trump doesn’t know what he’s talking about when it comes to national security. His words are dangerous, and they hurt us.
Be a part of this: Get registered to vote, and ask everyone you know to register, too.  
“  is showing the world what this country stands for. I am proud of our team." —Hillary in Philadelphia:  
You should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and make a good living doing it.  
Trump's top adviser was designated $12.7 million from pro-Russia forces in Ukraine. That's the tip of the iceberg.  
Donald Trump says he'll create a new test for immigrants.

It's a test he'd fail.
 
Both candidates have laid out economic plans. See how each would impact your state:  
Vice President   had the keys to our Instagram today. Check it out:    
"The place of your birth should never be a barrier." A letter to young undocumented people on DACA's anniversary:  
The story of the Rodhams and the Bidens isn't unique. What's unique is the country where those stories were written.
 
We have some questions about Donald Trump's cozy relationship with Russia.  
   
"CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620,000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION."  
Whenever you hear Trump talk about foreign policy, picture him in the Situation Room making decisions for all of us.  
You oppose reproductive rights, support "conversion therapy," and proposed a Muslim ban.  
  
 
Trump's candidacy alone is undermining our national security.

Imagine if he were to become president.  
“She’s strong. She’s respected. She’s admired. There’s nothing that she doesn’t understand about America’s place in the world." — 
"It’s a recipe for playing into the hands of terrorists and their propaganda.” —  on Trump’s foreign policy rhetoric
"Trump’s ideas are not only profoundly wrong, they’re dangerous and they’re very un-American.” —   
"Donald Trump has no clue what it takes to lead this great country.” — 
“This guy doesn’t care about the middle class...he doesn’t understand it. He doesn’t have a clue.” —  on Donald Trump
“There’s only one person in this election who will...help you, and that is Hillary Clinton.” — 
"What Hillary’s all about is making sure every one of you…can look your child in the eye and say…everything is gonna be ok.” — 
“No one is more worthy than you, and everyone is your equal.” — 
"Home is where your character is stamped, where it’s stamped into your soul. Where your values are set.” — 
“As Scranton has always had my back, we—all of us—are going to have your back, Hillary.” — 
Take out your phone and text JOIN to 47246.

We’re hiring organizers right here in Pennsylvania and across the country.
There’s no doubt about it—Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit and totally unqualified to be president of the United States.
"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man you can trust with nuclear weapons.” —Hillary on  
Trump says he won’t tell anyone what he’ll do about ISIS because he wants to keep his plan “secret.”

Well, the secret is he has no plan.
Providing a “Trump Kids Club” for your paying customers is not the same thing as providing real child care for your workers.
Under Trump's child care plan, hardworking families that can’t afford child care in the first place would get little to no real help.
Trump wants to eliminate the Estate Tax. It would save the Trump family $4 billion, but it would do nothing for 99.8% of Americans.
Trump's called for a new tax loophole—the Trump Loophole. He'd pay less than half the current tax rate on income from many of his companies.
Donald Trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and Wall Street money managers.
We’re going to make college debt-free for all and help millions of people struggling with existing student debt:  
Under   and  :
✓ Our businesses created 15 million new jobs.
✓ 20 million people have health care.
 
No matter what Donald Trump says, America is great, and the American Dream is big enough for everyone to share in its promise.
"No matter where life takes me I always remember I am the granddaughter of a factory worker and the daughter of a small business owner."
Joe is now leading a new Cancer Moonshot initiative to fund breakthroughs and save lives in honor of his son Beau.  
Joe passionately believes in the basic bargain that makes America great—that our economy should work for everyone—not just those at the top.
"No matter how far he travels,   never forgets where he’s from." —Hillary in Scranton  
. ’s hitting the trail with Hillary in Scranton, folks. Tune in now:    
Four years in, DACA has helped more than 700,000 undocumented people to live without fear. Let's build on it:  
If Donald Trump becomes president, he'll game America's whole tax system to make himself richer. Seriously.  
Trump says, "I know more about ISIS than the generals do, believe me." 

You know what? We don't.
 
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
The senseless murders of Imam Maulama Akonjee and Thara Uddin are heartbreaking. This kind of heinous act has no place in America. -H
No family should have to spend more than 10% of its income on quality child care.    
"Stay on message" is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
Yesterday,   made Olympic history with her gold medal in women's shot put ( 's first!).  
Well said, Coach Auriemma. Keep winning,  .  
59 million Americans get help from Social Security. On its 81st anniversary, let's recommit to protecting it.  
It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%
The failing  , which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said
The failing   talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
This is what   would do to your state's economy.  
" _out: You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people     Loves U" Thanks
" : We're all enjoying you, as well, Mr. T.! You've inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America! God bless you!" Nice
" :    yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!"
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
" : Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you!  " Thanks
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
The failing   has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
The choice on jobs is pretty clear: See how your state would fare under Hillary vs. Trump.  
We need to make sure every American has high-speed internet access. And we will:    
Press play for a preview of the new campaign podcast With Her. Stream the full episode here:  
 
As track and field begins, we're honoring Wilma Rudolph: the first U.S. woman to win 3 track golds in one Olympics.  
Will be on   tonight at 10pm, hosted by  . Enjoy!
Many people are saying Trump won't release his tax returns because he's hiding something. What do you think it is?
Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Together we will  !  
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love and acceptance—not bullying and violence.  
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you!    
Last night, U.S. Olympic swimmer  _Manuel won gold and made history.  
Here's a pretty incredible fact: There is a non-zero chance that Donald Trump isn't paying *any* taxes.  
Here's why Donald Trump might be refusing to release his tax returns:  
You can also listen to the first episode of With Her by streaming here:  
🎧 Just launched: With Her, our official campaign podcast. Subscribe and listen to Episode 1:  
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
Why is   refusing to release his tax returns? Some ideas:
 
I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
" : Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with  _Lynne_Ryan your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm"
Ratings challenged   reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) "the founder" of ISIS, &amp; MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?
" :       People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump." That would indeed be nice!
" : THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST   TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton  "
" :   Everything coming from this administration is a lie. Only   will change it"
.  at the White House, circa 2000.  
 
Congrats on bringing home the gold and silver, Simone and Aly. We’re all so proud of you! -H  
Will be doing   tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Trump wants America to work for him and his friends.

We need to build an economy that works for everyone.
 
It's not just a value—it's a real plan.    
Let’s go out and build the future.  
"One of the reasons I asked Tim Kaine to be my running mate is that he...has a record of working across the aisle."  
Strengthening unions doesn’t just serve their members—it leads to better pay, benefits, and working conditions for all employees.
Trump wants to give trillions in tax breaks to people like himself.

Instead, let’s invest in our veterans, kids, schools and police.
The 400 richest taxpayers in America would get an average tax cut of more than $15 million a year from the Trump loophole.
Trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. What that would mean: his family gets a $4 billion tax cut. 99.8% of Americans get nothing.
Trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and Wall Street money managers.  
Multi-millionaires should not be able to pay a lower tax rate than their secretaries:  
Every employee, from the CEO suite to the factory floor, contributes to a business’ success, so everybody should share in the rewards.
One positive thing Trump could do to make America great again?

Actually make great things in America:  
If   was as fearful as Trump, Michael Phelps and Simone Biles would be cowering in the locker room.

America isn’t afraid to compete.
Trump may talk a big game on trade, but his approach is based on fear, not strength—fear that we can’t compete with the rest of the world.
"As president, I will stand up to China and anyone else who tries to take advantage of American workers and companies." —Hillary
We’re going to invest in union training programs and apprenticeship programs so you can earn while you learn:  
A four-year degree shouldn’t be the only path to a good job. You should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and make a good living.
It’s not right that Donald Trump can ignore his debts, but students and families can’t refinance theirs.
Let’s fight to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for everyone:  
The people taking care of our children and our parents deserve a good wage, good benefits, and a secure retirement.
Donald Trump has spent his whole career stiffing small businesses.  
We’re going to invest $10 billion in “Make it in America” partnerships to support American manufacturing:  
"Some country is going to be the clean energy superpower of the 21st century and create millions of jobs...I want it to be us." —Hillary
Starting on day one, we will work with both parties to pass the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II.
One of the many stark choices we face in this election.  
Every American willing to work hard should be able to find a job that provides dignity, pride, and decent pay that can support a family.
We are resilient, determined, and hard-working. There’s nothing America can’t do if we do it together.
When Trump visited Detroit on Monday he talked only of failure, poverty, and crime.

He’s missing so much about what makes Michigan great.
Hillary is speaking live from Detroit on the economy. Don’t miss it. Tune in now:  
Anyone willing to sink so low, so often should never be allowed to serve as our Commander-in-Chief.
No, Barack Obama is not the founder of ISIS.
It can be difficult to muster outrage as frequently as Donald Trump should cause it, but his smear against President Obama requires it.
1979.  
Unlike Donald Trump's, our campaign is about issues—not insults.    
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing   turns everyone off. The American people get it!  
My heart breaks for the family of the officer killed in Arkansas today. Grateful for his service to his community. -H
Thank you Fort Lauderdale, Florida. 
   
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Our kids see the president as a role model. How will they see Donald Trump?
 
Who benefits from Donald Trump's "new" economic plan? Rich people like Donald Trump.  
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by   is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
" : Really admire your determination: Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media."
 !  
Young people face tough challenges, but they have the ability to do something about it: Vote.  
We're also going to make sure future generations inherit a cleaner planet—and create millions of jobs along the way.  
Let's make it easier for young people to start businesses and fulfill their dreams.    
And, unlike  , we're gonna make it easier for people who *aren't* celebrities to get apprenticeships.  
Young Americans have the most to gain from Hillary's economic plan—and the most to lose under Trump's policies.  
When you dig deeper, you see that young people of color have faced even greater challenges. That has to change.  
Young people were among the hardest hit during the great recession—and the effects still linger.  
Thank you Abingdon, Virginia! 
  
   
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings"  .
Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you!  
   
Imagine how you'll feel the day after the election if we haven't joined together to chart a course of optimism.  
"I am humbled and moved by the Republicans who are willing to stand up and say that Donald Trump does not represent their values.” —Hillary
Donald Trump has spent his career stiffing small businesses, refusing to pay them what they’re owed.  
We can be the clean energy superpower of the 21st Century.  
We are living off of the infrastructure built by our parents and grandparents. It’s overdue for upgrades:  
We’re going to make the biggest investment in good-paying jobs since World War II:  
Hillary's talking about the economy in Des Moines. Tune in now to watch:  
If you're a millionaire, you'll do great under Trump's economic plan. Everyone else? Well...

Take a look:  
I will be interviewed on   tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!  
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas.  
"The time has come for Republicans...to repudiate Mr. Trump once and for all." —   
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and   - sad &amp; irrelevant!
.   You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on  . Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
" : ‘Now cut off my mic!’ Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump, 2nd Amendment – HEATED!  "
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
Thank you Senator  huckGrassley!  
 
Our kids are watching, Donald.
 
Thank you  !  
 
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina!
   
"A person seeking to be the President of the United States should not suggest violence in any way."  
Here’s the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.  
How can we prevent the spread of Zika in the U.S.? Hillary and   respond on  :    
Donald Trump's economic plan is a bad deal for working families—and a big tax cut for Donald Trump.
 
Trump's trickle-down economic plan: big giveaways for those at the top at the expense of everyone else.
 
" Hen23:    Loved Trump's answers to voters questions this morning! Trump's economic plan will help    "
" :     great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016"
I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!
Will be interviewed on   now!
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
Thank you to the more than 2 million people who have donated to this campaign. Chip in now to join them:  
'As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.'    
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
Thank you Newt!   
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo!    
Thank you Senator David Perdue!
   
Thank you  !
   
Thank you  - together we will  !   
Thank you!   
Thank you Alex!   
Last night, swimmer   won gold and broke her own world record in the 400m freestyle. Congrats, Katie!  
Just imagine Donald Trump in the Oval Office facing a real crisis. We can’t afford that kind of risk.
Donald Trump is not only putting our national security at risk—he’s putting our economy at risk.  
We’re going to make sure the wealthy pay their fair share in taxes for a change:  
Donald Trump's plan is just a repackaging of trickle-down economics—and it doesn’t help our economy or the vast majority of Americans.
We've got to stand up against climate deniers.

There isn't a problem we can't solve if we put our minds to it:  
Watch live as Hillary stops in St. Petersburg, Florida, for a campaign rally on the choice we face on the economy:  
Here's what people with actual "tremendous business success" say about Donald Trump.  
"Clinton’s economic policies...will result in a stronger U.S. economy.” —Mark Zandi, John McCain's economic advisor  
Today's bombing of a hospital in Pakistan is despicable. We have to stand up against terror and come together to prevent these attacks. -H
In Rio, Olympic fencer Ibtihaj Muhammad became the first American Muslim athlete to compete while wearing a hijab.  
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!
When you're comparing Hillary's and Trump's economic plans, there are two numbers you need to know.  
"I don't know another businessman that brags about his bankruptcies." —  on Trump:  
Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at:  
Donald Trump's economic plan:
1. Lower wages
2. Fewer jobs 
3. More debt
4. Tax breaks for the 0.1%
 
WATCH: This special 360 degree video allows you to experience the magic of the   balloon drop:  
"She doesn't just see one America. She sees all of America &amp; knows that we need all of us." — oryBooker on Hillary
 
We have some questions about  's cozy relationship with Russia.  
 : "Will Media Apologize to Trump?"  
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!
In America, if you can dream it, you should be able to build it.
 
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, "the baby" and so much more. Very dishonest!
The NRA is based in Virginia, but that's never stopped   from leading the fight to reduce gun violence.  
Donald Trump's no good, horrible, very bad week.  
Laurie Hernandez is the first U.S.-born Latina on the Olympic gymnastics team since '84. Good luck!    
"She will deliver on the most important duty of a president—keeping our nation safe." —Michael Morell on Hillary  
Three-time world all-around champion  _Biles is set to make history at the Olympics. Good luck, Simone!  
“On the issues, there’s no comparison in terms of thoughtfulness, thoroughness, and practicality." —   
So proud of you, Karla.
 
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
“ ” — 

Trump's peer reviews are dismal:  
Thank you Windham, New Hampshire!      
. _Kudlow - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'
 
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
45 reasons why Trump should never be president—just from this week alone.  
Seriously, what is going on with Trump and Russia?  
Why the   is urging voters to support Hillary in the “starkest political choice in living memory”:  
Why do Trump’s foreign policy ideas read like a Putin wish list?  
  is not fit to be our next president!   
 
Four years ago today.  
… so yeah, it's been quite a week for Donald Trump.  
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!
America is stronger when we expand access to the ballot box, not restrict it. It's time to  .  
Anybody whose mind "SHORT CIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRAINWASHED."
Four gold medals and counting: Today,   hits the court in Rio to add to her collection.  
Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she "SHORT CIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
Good luck  
     
'Trump is right about violent crime: It’s on the rise in major cities'
 
Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governor  _Pence and I will be back soon.      
At the Paris 1900 games, golfer Margaret Abbott became the first American woman to win an Olympic gold medal.  
DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN!
 
 
Thank you Des Moines, Iowa! Governor  _Pence and I appreciate your support!      
Trump just said he “doesn’t throw babies out” of his rallies...

Let’s review the record.
 
"We have never had a candidate that was more qualified to take the office of president." —  on Hillary  
   
This week, Trump attacked a fallen soldier's family, called Hillary "the devil," and criticized a crying baby.
 
Stronger Together comes out in Sept—a book on Hillary's policy plans and vision for America:    
Republicans agree: We can't give Donald Trump control of our nuclear codes.
 
"We have to reject and stand up against the appeals to the kind of bigotry...that we see from Trump’s campaign." —Hillary  
We launched an all-Spanish Twitter account,  _esp, because we believe in bringing as many people as possible into this conversation.
“I believe with all my heart that America is better than this. America is better than Donald Trump.” —Hillary
Trump retweets white nationalists. 
He talks about banning Muslims. 
And yes, he talks about curtailing press freedom as well.
Trump is harkening back to the most shameful chapters of our history and appealing to the ugliest impulses of our society.
It’s past time for comprehensive immigration reform, and we’re going to do everything we can to get it done:  
We’ve got to help every family afford the books, computers, and internet access that our kids need to learn in the 21st century.
Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the bus. Now we’ve got to expand economic opportunity so everyone can afford the fare.
The Great Recession hit our whole country hard, but the toll was especially hard on black and Latino families.
Tune in to watch Hillary speak live with the   and the  :  
"Trump is not only unqualified for the job, but he may well pose a threat to our national security." —Michael Morell  
Our first-ever gold medal-winning women's gymnastics team: the Magnificent Seven.  
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.
 
We don't know why Trump and Putin praise each other so much and share many foreign policies.

We'll let you guess.
 
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
Watch an exclusive interview with   backstage at the Democratic Convention.
 
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.  I won't dodge questions as your President.  
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
See you tomorrow w/ Gov.  _Pence, Iowa &amp; Wisconsin! 
3pm-  
7pm-    
None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community, or lift a country alone. It takes a village.  
Thank you Portland, Maine! 
  
   
We know a guy with a binder,  . (He might not take your calls, though.)  
Wish   a happy birthday. Sign his card:  
You saw the Democratic Convention.

Now, watch the never-before-seen footage from backstage:
 
"If you're not registered, and you're eligible as an American citizen, please go sign up." —Hillary in Nevada:  
Anyone who you can provoke with a tweet should not be anywhere near nuclear weapons:  
Donald Trump is not qualified to be president, and he is temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.
Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you  !    
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine, thank you!     
Every week,   hits a new low.  
"That’s what 21st century feminism is about: The idea that when everybody is equal, we are all more free." —   
Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us!  
 
   
What our economy needs: The largest investment in creating good-paying jobs since World War II.  
Happy birthday,  .  
The   almost always backs the GOP nominee for president. Here’s why they endorsed Hillary in 2016:  
Thank you Jacksonville, Florida!
  
   
We have the most productive and competitive workers in the world. We just need to give them a chance to succeed.  
Thank you for your support of my candidacy!     
 
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida!      
THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida!
   
"I will take on the gun lobby for commonsense gun safety reform.” —Hillary:  
We are setting a goal to register 3 million more American citizens to vote:  
As president I will defend and protect America’s public lands.  
Anyone who can be provoked by a tweet shouldn’t be anywhere near nuclear weapons.
"There is no doubt in my mind that Donald Trump is unqualified and unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.” —Hillary
The RNC showed a negative, pessimistic view of America: That is not who we are.

Do we have challenges? Sure. Can we meet them? Absolutely!
"We gotta make this economy work for everybody, not just those at the top.” —Hillary  
Trump: "I love war, in a certain way."  
Trump thinks it's too hard to make his products in America, so we went and found 100 US manufacturers he could use.  
Donald Trump's message to workers: You're fired.
 
Making our economy work for everyone starts by making sure those at the top pay their fair share in taxes.
 
If Trump is serious about "making America great again," he should start by making his products in America.
 
Lincoln: "War, at its best, is terrible."
Trump: "I love war."

How Trump's words compare to former presidents':  
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
22 memorable moments from the Democratic Convention that you probably missed:    
Just 98 days until Election Day. Here are 98 things that depend on the choice we make on November 8:  
My daughter   will be on   tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!  
An important step forward on pay equity in Massachusetts. Women deserve equal pay across our nation.  
Report raises questions about ‘Clinton Cash’ from Russians during ‘reset'  
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
 : John Podesta’s Brother Pocketed $180,000 from Putin’s Uranium Company:    
Under Trump, our economy would lose 3.5 million jobs.

Hillary's plan would create 10.4 million—in one term alone.  
   
Join me in Florida tomorrow! 
  

Daytona | 3pm- 
 

Jacksonville | 7pm- 
 
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP:  
All Kauveri wanted for her seventh birthday was to meet Hillary (and a Star Wars Lego set). She got both!  
Thank you Virginia!    
This from a man who says he’s “sacrificed” for our country.  
The   painted a bright picture of America—filled with diversity, love &amp; hope.

The RNC was...different.  
12 moments from the past week that will make you proud to be a Democrat:  
. , when someone puts in the work, you are supposed to pay them.
 
A former McCain advisor says Hillary's policies "will result in a stronger U.S. economy under almost any scenario."  
The Washington Post calls out   for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow!  
Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia!  
Barack, Michelle, Joe, Bernie, Elizabeth, Bill, Tim, Hillary, and more: Watch the best moments from the DNC.
 
Just leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon.    
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Road trip: Tag along on Hillary and  's bus tour through Ohio and Pennsylvania →    
Trump wants to be our Commander-in-Chief. Here's how he's treated veterans thus far:
 
Thanks to   for your kind words, very much appreciated.
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville:

Daytona | 3pm-  
Jacksonville | 7pm-  
During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They don’t want them heard.  
When will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN.  
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors.      
Cheryl's husband died serving our country. 

Trump's company scammed her out of money she needed for her family.  
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon.      
Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia! 
     
Why not carrier pigeons,  ?
 
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
.  brought the house down.
A Muslim family reminded us what America is about.
We shattered a glass ceiling.  
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at:  
  
 
Watch backstage as Hillary,  , and their families listen to the benediction to close out the DNC.  
Meet another Gold Star family with some personal perspective on Donald Trump:
 
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down," I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
Your courage is inspiring, Mrs. Khan—and you’re right.  
Do all the good we can, in all the ways we can, in all the places we can, for all the people we can.
 
Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing   is a joke.   is laughable!
The   endorsed   in 2012. Here's why they're endorsing Hillary in 2016:  
Road trip.  
" :  Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media, HillaryClinton wouldn't stand a chance.   and   her only hope."
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
Thank you,  .  
Sarah McBride, the first trans person to speak at a party convention: "Despite our progress, so much work remains."  
Their paths may vary, but their call is the same. Meet the women of the U.S. Senate:
 
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!
Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!
A night to remember.
 
The American people have always made this country great.  
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention   over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Captain Khan and his family represent the best of America, and we salute them.  
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event!    
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via  :
 
Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP
  = Obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.  
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
Our Commander-in-Chief shouldn’t insult and deride our generals, retired or otherwise.

That really should go without saying.
Donald Trump says he wants to "make America great again."

Well, he could start by actually making things in America.
We're going to make the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II:  
“Donald Trump spoke for 75 minutes and offered zero solutions.” —Hillary on Trump’s convention speech:  
“I don’t think President Obama &amp; Vice President Biden get the credit they deserve for saving the American economy.”  
Americans don’t say: “I alone can fix it.”

We say: “Ok, how are we going to fix this together?”
Don’t believe anyone who says “I alone can fix it.”

Those were actually Donald Trump’s words at the Republican convention in Cleveland.
We have the most productive workers in the world. We just need to give our people a chance to succeed:  
"On Thursday, I was incredibly grateful and humbled to accept the Democratic Party’s nomination." —Hillary
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
Listen in from Johnstown, PA as Hillary and   discuss innovation and manufacturing:  
   
Get live updates from Hillary and  's bus tour →    
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
When any barrier falls in America, it clears the way for everyone.  
While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join  _Pence in Nevada on Mon!

Carson City:  

Reno:  
Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio &amp; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania!  

3pm in OH:  

7pm in PA:  
If you want to see the best of America, you need look no further than the example set by Army Captain Humayun Khan.
 
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the  'American Dream!'  
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars, 
NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
" :   ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMA'S MISTAKES!!!    "
Thank you Denver, Colorado! 
 !  
As usual, Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
Hillary accepted the Democratic nomination for president on Thursday. (There were balloons.)    
  Job Application  
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts.
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!
     
Donald Trump has painted a dark, divisive picture of America. We have 102 days to stop him from becoming president.
 
Headlines for the history books.  
With the first local transmission of Zika in FL, it’s even more critical for Republicans to stop blocking action:  
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE   in November!  
"Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal."  
Big victory for democracy as the 4th Circuit just struck down a NC voter discrimination law. Let’s keep fighting to make voting easier. -H
Capt. Khan embodied the best of our values when his actions saved his unit. Last night, his parents told his story:
 
Even Bill is tired of the lies, SAD!  
Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!

Colorado Springs:  

Denver:  
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton.  
“Contrary to Donald Trump, I believe every time we knock down a barrier in America, it liberates everyone in America.” —Hillary
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!
"We've got to make this economy work for everyone, not just those at the top." —Hillary:  
"Our Founders came together to create one nation because they knew what we know: We are stronger together." —Hillary
“As of tomorrow, we have 100 days to make our case to America. 

So what better place to kick off this campaign than where it all started?"
"This has been such an exciting...week!

We heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton &amp; the man of hope, Barack Obama."  
Hillary &amp;   take the stage in Philadelphia at their first campaign rally as the official Democratic ticket:  
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse.    
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Thank you! 

Facebook:  

Instagram:    
"Let’s look to the future with courage and confidence.

Let’s build a better tomorrow for our beloved children."  
Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!   
"Little" Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!
General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD   
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Join  _pence at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets:  
" : "I believe in science" Dem code for "we're shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing""
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT: 
 
Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke.   and the little watched  _Joe = SAD!
The next president—and her husband.  
Let's go win this, together.  
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
Thank you.  
In America, we’re always stronger together.  
"Yes, the world is watching what we do.
Yes, America's destiny is ours to choose.
So let's be stronger together my fellow Americans!"
"We lost our mother a few years ago but I miss her every day. And I still hear her voice urging me to keep working, keep fighting for right"
"She never let me back down from any challenge...she was right. You have to stand up to bullies." —Hillary on advice from her mom, Dorothy
Every generation of Americans has come together to make our country freer, fairer, and stronger. None of us…can do it alone.” —Hillary
“Enough with the bigotry and bombast. Donald Trump's not offering real change, he’s offering empty promises.” —Hillary
“Here's the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.” —Hillary
Let’s put ourselves in the shoes of young black &amp; Latino people who face the effects of systemic racism and feel their lives are disposable.
"I refuse to believe we can't find common ground here. We have to heal the divides in our country.” —Hillary  
We need to start listening to each other.
Hearing each other.
Walking in each other’s shoes.
"I'm not here to take away your guns. I just don't want you to be shot by someone who shouldn't have a gun in the first place.” —Hillary
"If we’re serious about keeping our country safe, we also can’t afford to have a president who’s in the pocket of the gun lobby." —Hillary
"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons." —Hillary
"Donald Trump can't even handle the rough-and-tumble of a presidential campaign...Imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis."
"A president should respect the men and women who risk their lives to serve our country." —Hillary
"Donald Trump says, and this is a quote, 'I know more about ISIS than the generals do.'  

No, Donald, you don't.” —Hillary
"I'm proud that we shaped a global climate agreement. Now we have to hold every country accountable to their commitments" —Hillary
"Keeping our nation safe and honoring the people who do that work will be my highest priority.” —Hillary
"Donald Trump says he wants to make America great again—well, he could start by actually making things in America again." —Hillary
"Please explain to me what part of America First leads him to make Trump ties in China, not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan."
"Remember what the president said last night: Don’t boo, vote!” —Hillary:  
"In Atlantic City…you will find contractors and small businesses who lost everything because Donald Trump refused to pay his bills" —Hillary
"If you believe that every man, woman &amp; child in America has the right to affordable health care, join us!” —Hillary  
"If fighting for affordable child care and paid family leave is playing the woman card, then deal me in!” —Hillary  
“Way too many dreams die in the parking lots of banks. In America, if you can dream it, you should be able to do it.” —Hillary
"Bernie Sanders and I will work together to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for all." —Hillary
“If you believe that your working mother, wife, sister, or daughter deserve equal pay, join us!” —Hillary
"If you believe we should expand Social Security and protect a woman's right to make her own heath care decisions, join us!” —Hillary
"If you believe that companies should share profits with their workers, not pad executive bonuses, join us." —Hillary
"Comprehensive immigration reform will grow our economy and keep families together, and it’s the right thing to do." —Hillary
"When we have millions of hardworking immigrants contributing to our economy, it would be self-defeating and inhumane to kick them out."
"I believe that climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of good-paying clean energy jobs." —Hillary
"It’s wrong to take tax breaks with one hand and give out pink slips with the other." —Hillary
“We'll pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United!” —Hillary
“With your help, I will carry all of your voices with us to the White House!” —Hillary  
"I believe that our economy isn't working the way it should because our democracy isn't working the way it should." —Hillary
"My primary mission as president will be to create more opportunity and more good jobs with rising wages right here in the United States."
“Democrats, we are the party of working people.” —Hillary
"When any barrier falls in America, for anyone, it clears the way for everyone...when there are no ceilings, the sky’s the limit." —Hillary
"We’ve reached a milestone...the first time that a major party has nominated a woman for president." —Hillary  
"I will be a president for Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. For the struggling, the striving and the successful…for all Americans."
"It’s true: I sweat the details of policy...because it’s not just a detail if it’s your kid, if it’s your family. It’s a big deal."
"Simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws." —Hillary
"No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up." —Hillary
"I accept your nomination for president of the United States!” —Hillary  
"Through all these years of public service, the 'service' part has always come easier to me than the 'public' part." —Hillary
"It is with humility, determination, and boundless confidence in America’s promise that I accept your nomination for president!" —Hillary
"'Stronger Together’ is...not just a slogan for our campaign. It’s a guiding principle for the country we’ve always been." —Hillary
"None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community or lift a country totally alone.” —Hillary  
"Americans don’t say, 'I alone can fix it.' They say, ‘We’ll fix it together!’” —Hillary
"Don’t believe anyone who says 'I alone can fix it.’ Yes, those were actually Donald Trump’s words in Cleveland." —Hillary
Don’t let anyone tell you that our country is weak—we’re not.

Don’t let anyone tell you we don’t have what it takes—we do.
"We have the most dynamic and diverse people in the world. We have the most tolerant and generous young people we've ever had." —Hillary
"We will not ban a religion—we will work with all Americans and our allies to fight and defeat terrorism." —Hillary
"We will not build a wall—instead, we will build an economy where everyone who wants a good job can get one." —Hillary
FDR came up with the perfect rebuke to Donald Trump more than 80 years ago:

“The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.”
"He's taken the Republican Party a long way, from 'Morning in America’ to 'Midnight in America.’” —Hillary on Trump
"We heard Donald Trump’s answer last week at his convention. He wants to divide us...He wants us to fear the future and fear each other."
“We have to decide whether we’re going to work together so we can all rise together.” —Hillary
"Our Founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together.” —Hillary
“ , you’ve put economic and social justice issues front and center where they belong.” —Hillary  
"To all of your supporters here and around the country: I want you to know, I've heard you." —Hillary on  
"I want to thank Bernie Sanders. Bernie, your campaign inspired millions of Americans.” —Hillary
"For those of you out there who are just getting to know  ...he'll make the whole country proud as our vice president." —Hillary
"We heard from… . He spoke from his big heart about our party’s commitment to working people." —Hillary  
"America is stronger because of President Obama's leadership, and I am better because of his friendship." —Hillary  
“We heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton.

And the man of hope, Barack Obama.” —Hillary  
"Bill, that conversation we started in the law library 45 years ago, it is still going strong.” —Hillary
"Chelsea, thank you. I am so proud to be your mother and so proud of the woman you’ve become." —Hillary
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT!  
"Regardless of what was happening in her life, she was always, always there for me.” —   
"Mom, Grandma would be so, so proud of you tonight.” — 
“This November, I’m voting for a woman…who knows women’s rights are human rights…here at home and around the world.” — 
"People ask me all the time: How does she do it?…Here’s how: It’s because she never, ever forgets who she’s fighting for.” — 
"She always feels like there isn’t a moment to lose because she knows that for that mother, for that family, there isn’t.” — 
So proud.  
"I’m here as a proud American, a proud Democrat, a proud mother, and tonight, in particular, a very, very proud daughter.” — 
Getting ready.  
"That's right—I love Hillary too." —   
About to head out and accept your nomination for president. I’m so grateful to everyone who made this moment possible. -H
Get the latest from the   floor before Hillary takes the stage:  
Watch live: Get an exclusive look at the   before Hillary officially accepts the nomination →  
"Some issues are not left vs. right or liberal vs. conservative, they are right vs. wrong." —Rev. William Barber  
"When Flint's water poisons its children, it hurts all of us. These are our children." —   
A night we'll never forget.
 
It's all happening. Tune in for an exclusive look at the   as Hillary officially accepts the nomination.
 
   
“Her words gave me strength during one of the toughest tests of my life.” — lairecmc on Hillary  
"Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential win"
 
Great to be back in Iowa!   with   joining me in Davenport- this past winter.    
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
AMERICA'S FUTURE
 
"No matter how daunting the odds; no matter how much people try to knock her down, she never, ever quits." —   
Bernie caved!  
" : Poll: Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart    "  Great!
Ready to pass the baton.  
On day three, the   officially welcomed   to the ticket—and   brought down the house:  
"I ask you to do for Hillary Clinton what you did for me.

I ask you to carry her the same way you carried me.”  
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction.  
" :     stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE"
We love you back,  .  
" : Barack is offended that   will demand that   allies pay their fair share.  "
"Thank you for this incredible journey.
Let’s keep it going.
God bless the United States of America!" —   
"I’m asking you to join me, to reject cynicism...to summon what’s best in us; to elect Hillary Clinton as the next president” — 
"America, you have vindicated that hope these past eight years. And now I’m ready to pass the baton.” — 
“You’re who I was talking about twelve years ago, when I talked about hope.” — 
"Tonight, I ask you to do for Hillary Clinton what you did for me. I ask you to carry her the same way you carried me.” — 
"We don’t fear the future; we shape it, we embrace it, as one people, stronger together than we are on our own.” — 
“Democracy isn’t a spectator sport. America isn’t about 'yes he will.' It’s about 'yes we can.’” — 
"Hillary Clinton is that woman in the arena.

She’s been there for us, even if we haven’t always noticed." — 
"There has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president." —   
"We all need to get out and vote for Democrats up and down the ticket, and then hold them accountable until they get the job done.” — 
"Democracy works, America, but we gotta want it—not just during an election year, but all the days in between.” — 
“The American Dream is something no wall will ever contain.” — 
"She knows that for progress to happen, we have to listen to each other, and see ourselves in each other.” —  on Hillary
"America has never been about what one person says he’ll do for us. It’s always been about what can be achieved by us, together.” — 
"That’s who we are.
That’s our birthright.
The capacity to shape our own destiny."
— 
"Ronald Reagan called America 'a shining city on a hill.'

Donald Trump calls it 'a divided crime scene' that only he can fix.'" — 
"America is already great. America is already strong &amp; I promise you, our strength, our greatness, does not depend on Donald Trump.” — 
"Meanwhile, Donald Trump calls our military a disaster…he suggests America is weak.” — 
"She is fit and she is ready to be the next Commander-in-Chief.” —  on Hillary
"I know Hillary won’t relent until ISIL is destroyed.” — 
"Hillary Clinton is respected around the world, not just by leaders, but by the people they serve.” — 
“Then there’s Donald Trump. He’s not really a plans guy, not really a facts guy either.” — 
"Don't boo, vote!” —   
“Tim Kaine is as good a man, as humble and committed a public servant, as anyone I know. He will be a great vice president.” — 
“There has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president of the United States of America.” — 
"No matter how daunting the odds.
No matter how much people try to knock her down.
She never, ever quits."
—  on Hillary
“She sat with me in the Situation Room and forcefully argued in favor of the mission that took out Osama bin Laden” —  on Hillary
“Nothing truly prepares you for the demands of the Oval Office…but Hillary’s been in the room; she’s been part of those decisions.” — 
“She was doing everything I was, but just like Ginger Rogers, it was backwards in heels.” —  on the 2008 election
“A leader with real plans to break down barriers,...the next president of the United States Hillary Clinton.” — 
"What I see is Americans of every party, every background, every faith who believe that we are stronger together.” — 
“As I’ve traveled this country…what I’ve also seen, more than anything, is what is right with America.” — 
"The America I know is full of courage, and optimism, and ingenuity. The America I know is decent and generous.” — 
“What we heard was a deeply pessimistic vision of a country where we turn against each other.” —  on last week’s GOP convention
“This is not your typical election…this is a more fundamental choice about...whether we stay true to this great American experiment” — 
"We’re not done perfecting our union or living up to our founding creed—that all of us are created equal.” — 
“We still have more work to do. More work to do for every American still in need of a good job or a raise.” — 
“By so many measures, our country is stronger and more prosperous than it was when we started.” — 
“America learned that love has no limits, and marriage equality is now a reality across the land.” — 
"We brought more of our troops home to their families, and we delivered justice to Osama bin Laden." — 
"After a century of trying, we declared that health care in America is not a privilege for a few. It is a right for everybody.” — 
"I stand before you again tonight, after almost two terms as your president, to tell you I am even more optimistic about the future" — 
"I was so young that first time in Boston...maybe a little nervous addressing such a big crowd, but I was filled with faith.” — 
"Twelve years ago tonight, I addressed this convention for the very first time." — 
Fired up, ready to go!  
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
"Hillary is ready.
Ready to fight.
Ready to win.
Ready to lead."
—   
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
"Folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth.” —   
"Hillary has a passion for kids and families. Donald Trump has a passion, too.

It's himself!" —   
"The richest thing about Donald Trump is his hypocrisy." — Bloomberg  
"Hillary Clinton understands that this is not reality television, this is reality!" — Bloomberg
"The bottom line is Trump is a risky, reckless, and radical choice, and we can't afford to make that choice." — Bloomberg
"Trump says he wants to run the nation like he’s run his business.

God help us!" — Bloomberg
"I believe we need a president who is a problem solver, not a bomb thrower." — Bloomberg
"I built a business, and I didn’t start it with a $1 million check from my father.” — Bloomberg on Donald Trump
"We must unite around the candidate who can defeat a dangerous demagogue." — Bloomberg on the stakes in this race
"I believe it is an imperative that we elect Hillary Clinton as the next President of the United States.” — Bloomberg
“He says he cares about the middle class? Give me a break.

That’s a bunch of malarkey!" —  on Donald Trump  
"We do not scare easily. We never bow. We never bend. We never break when confronted with crisis.” — 
“A man who seeks to sow division in America for his own gain…we simply cannot let that happen as Americans—period.” —  on Trump
"No major party nominee in the history of this nation has known less or been less prepared to deal with...national security" —Biden on Trump
Trump "doesn’t have a clue about the middle class…
“He has no clue about what makes America great. 
Actually, he has no clue—period." —Biden
“He says he cares about the middle class?
Give me a break. 

That’s a bunch of malarkey." —  on Donald Trump
"His lack of empathy and compassion can be summed up in the phrase…he’s proud he made famous—'you’re fired.'" —  on Donald Trump
"There’s only one person in this race who will be there, who’s always been there…that’s Hillary Clinton's life’s story" — 
"We all understand what it will mean for our daughters and granddaughters when Hillary Clinton walks into the Oval Office." — 
"Hillary understands that a college loan is about a lot more than getting a qualified child an education." — 
"Everybody knows she’s smart.
Everybody knows she’s tough.

But I know what she’s passionate about—I know Hillary." — 
“He’s become a brother to Jill and me—and Michelle…you are incredible.” —  on   and  
"Every day we’re grateful to Barack and Michelle for asking us to join them on this incredible journey.” — 
Watch night three of   live on Facebook as  ,  , and   take the stage →  
"He knows at its best, politics is always a matter of the heart.” –  on    
What the world needs now is love.  
"Speaking is difficult for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President.” —   
"In the White House, she will stand up to the gun lobby. That’s why I'm voting for Hillary!” —   
"In Congress, I learned a powerful lesson: Strong women get things done.” — 
"As president, she will do what is right for our nation, not what is politically expedient.” —  on Hillary
“We say their names, but that is not enough” —  on the victims of gun violence  
"I would give every single day that I have left for just one more day with my mom." —Erica Smegielski  
"I’m here without my mother while too many politicians cower behind the gun lobby.” —Erica Smegielski  
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio!
 
 
“It is time to take Washington back from the gun lobby!” — hrisMurphyCT  
Text LAWS to 47246 to learn about the dangerous loopholes in our gun laws and get the information you need to help reduce gun violence.
“There is no reason to feel helpless about the horrifying trajectory of cascading massacres…We can change this.” — hrisMurphyCT
“She stood up to the NRA, and Hillary Clinton pledged to take Washington back from the gun lobby.” — hrisMurphyCT  
Thank you, Christine. We're all standing by your side.  
"Trump says global warming is a hoax.⁰⁰

I say Trump is a fraud.” —     
“From her first day in office, President Hillary Clinton will do what’s needed to combat climate change.” —   
“While Trump talks and talks and talks, Hillary does stuff. She fights for us on the big issues.”—   
"It’s time to put a bully, racist in his place and a tough woman in hers—the White House!" —   
"I am here to tell you that Hillary Clinton is as tough as they come." —   
"Republicans want to tear down the pillars of middle-class security. We won’t let that happen!" —   
"Middle-class families fighting to give your kids a better life: Democrats stand in your corner." —   
"This is not merely unacceptable or wrong, though it is both. What happened in Flint is immoral." —Hillary
 
The story of Bill and Hillary, in photos:    
   
Thank you Pennsylvania!
  
   
"I trust Hillary because...I've seen her lifelong devotion to our nation's children." —   
Last night, we put the biggest crack yet in that highest, hardest glass ceiling. Here are the highlights:  
"She is still the best darn change maker I have ever known.” —  on Hillary  
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!    
"Hillary will make us stronger together. You know it because she’s spent a lifetime doing it." —   
"Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so far"
 
A young girl asked Hillary, "Do you think when you're president, you'll be paid as much as a man?"
 
Great new poll - thank you!
   
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Join our next Vice President,  _Pence in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday!

MI:  
WI:  
History made.
 
"What I admire most about Hillary is that she never buckles under pressure." —     
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Funny how the failing   is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said "Trump is a genius." America 1st!
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
We just put the biggest crack in that glass ceiling yet.” —Hillary  
“Hillary Clinton will be our first woman president.

And she will be a great president." —Meryl Streep  
Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP. 
 
“Hillary will make us stronger together. You know it because she spent a lifetime doing it.” —   
"She is still the best darn changemaker I have ever known.” —  on Hillary
"How do you square the things I told you with the picture the Republicans painted of their opponent in Cleveland? You can’t." — 
"She launched a team to fight back against terrorists online and built a new global counter-terrorism effort.” — 
“She backed President Obama’s decision to go after Osama bin Laden.” —  on Hillary  
"She flew all night from Cambodia to the Middle East to get a ceasefire to avoid a shooting war between Hamas and Israel." — 
"NY elected her to the seat once held by another outsider, Robert Kennedy. She didn’t let him down.” —  on Hillary’s Senate run
“She’s a changemaker. That’s what she does.” —  on Hillary helping 8 million kids get health coverage  
“This woman had never been satisfied with the status quo. She always wants to move the ball forward.” —  on Hillary
"She’s insatiably curious, she’s a natural leader, she’s a good organizer, and she’s the best darn changemaker I’ve seen.” — 
“Looks to me like we elected the wrong Clinton.” —an Arkansas judge on Hillary’s work on rural education as first lady of Arkansas
“Hillary opened my eyes to a whole new world of public service.” —   
"It was the greatest moment of my life...and the...conviction that my daughter had the best mother in the world” —Bill on Chelsea being born
“I married my best friend. I was still in awe of…how smart and strong and loving and caring she was.” —  on Hillary
"Hillary enjoyed teaching, encouraging her students to believe in themselves and their potential.” — 
“She never made fun of people with disabilities. She tried to empower them based on their abilities.” —  on Hillary
"Then she went down to South Texas…and registered Mexican-American voters.” —  on Hillary
"She became so involved in children’s issues that she...took an extra year in law school, working at the Child Study Center.” — 
"Knowing her was one of Hillary’s greatest gifts to me.” —  on Hillary’s mother, Dorothy Rodham
"I asked her to take a walk with me to the Yale Art Museum. We’ve been walking and talking and laughing together ever since.” — 
"I was so impressed and surprised that, whether you believe it or not, I was momentarily speechless.”  —  on meeting Hillary
“In the spring of 1971 I met a girl. The first time I saw her we were...in a class on Political and Civil Rights.” —  on Hillary
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
You won’t want to miss this. Watch   take the stage at the  :  
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
"She is the best qualified person for this moment in history." —  on Hillary
 
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
"Safeguarding freedom and security is not like hosting a TV reality show. It...demands a cool head, but also a big heart." — 
"This fall, we must do everything we can to make sure that Hillary becomes our next Commander-in- Chief." —   
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks.  
"I trusted her when my life was on the line, and she came through.” —9/11 survivor, Lauren Manning  
"Donald Trump and Mike Pence: We are not going back to the dark days when women died in back alleys." —   
"Let’s declare: Love trumps hate!” —  and    
"Make no mistake about it: Women's health and rights are on the line and on the ballot in this election.” — ecileRichards  
No mother should have to feel this loss.  
“I would not have signed up for this. None of us would have. I am here today for my son, Trayvon Martin, who is in heaven” —Sybrina Fulton
“Sandy, my fourth of five daughters, was gone… So many of our children gone but not forgotten” —Geneva Reed-Veal, Sandra Bland’s mother.
"Let's build. Let's unite." —Maria Hamilton, mother of Dontre Hamilton
 
Thank you, President Carter.  
This moment is for every little girl who dreams big.  
 
Stronger together.  
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
History.  
Getting ready to make some history.    
“This one’s for you, Hill.”    
"I am pleased to second the nomination for Hillary Clinton as the party candidate for president!” —   
“Tonight, we will shatter that glass ceiling again.” —  on nominating Hillary for president  
“We have made too much progress, and we are not going back, we are going forward." —   
“Some people want to rant, but Hillary wants to get results.” —   
Watch Hillary become the first woman presidential nominee of a major political party:    
You heard  . Here's how you can get involved in this campaign →    
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
On most campaigns, there isn't much ambiguity as to whether the candidate does or doesn't back KKK leaders.  
Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
RT if last night made you proud to be a Democrat.  
 
Thank you New Hampshire! 
   
Join us in Toledo, Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm!    
Tickets:    
Join us tomorrow in Scranton, Pennsylvania at 3pm!
    
Tickets:    
Day one of the Democratic Convention is in the books. Catch up on what you missed here:    
"When we are indivisible, we are invincible." — oryBooker at the   last night    
"It is ridiculous that there has never been a female president before."
 
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Funny, if you listen to  , the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference
“Because of Hillary Clinton, my daughters...can take it for granted that a woman can be president.” —   
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president and I am proud to stand with her tonight.” —   
"I served with her in the United States Senate and know her as a fierce advocate for the rights of children.” —   
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
"While...Trump is busy insulting one group after another, Hillary...understands that our diversity is one of our greatest strengths" —Bernie
"Donald Trump? Well, like most Republicans, he chooses to reject science. He believes that climate change is a 'hoax.'” — 
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!
“Hillary Clinton will nominate justices to the Supreme Court who are prepared to overturn Citizens United.” —   
"Hillary...understands that if someone in this country works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty." — 
"Hillary Clinton must become the next president of the United States.” —   
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
"We have come a long way in the last 7 1/2 years and I thank President Obama and Vice President Biden for their leadership." — 
Happening now: Watch   address the   →    
"Trump’s entire campaign is just one more, late-night Trump infomercial.” —     
Couldn’t agree more,  .  
“If you believe we are stronger together, then let’s work our hearts out to make Hillary Clinton the next president.” — 
“We’re not going to be Donald Trump’s hate-filled America—not now, not ever!” —   
"When we turn on each other, we can’t unite to fight back against a rigged system.” —   
“That’s Donald Trump’s America—an America of fear and hate.” —   
"He even picked a vice president famous for trying to make it legal to openly discriminate against gays and lesbians." —Warren on Trump
"Last week...Trump spoke for more than an hour...But other than talking about building a stupid wall…did you hear any actual ideas?" –Warren
"What kind of a man cheats students, cheats investors, cheats workers? ... A man who must never be president" —Warren on Trump  
"What kind of a man roots for an economic crash that cost millions of people their jobs? Their homes? Their life savings?" —Warren on Trump
"He preyed on...people who had fallen on hard times. He’s conned them, he’s defrauded them, and he’s ripped them off.” —Warren on Trump
Watch   live at the   in Philadelphia:  
"Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life." —     
"We need to pour every last ounce of our passion and our strength and our love for this country into electing Hillary Clinton." — 
"Don’t let anyone ever tell you that this country isn’t great...This, right now, is the greatest country on earth." —   
“Because of Hillary Clinton, my daughters…now take for granted that a woman can be president of the United States.” —   
"Hillary understands that the presidency is about one thing and one thing only—it’s about leaving something better for our kids." — 
"In this election, I’m with her!" —  on Hillary  
"We don’t turn against each other—no, we listen to each other. We lean on each other because we are always stronger together." — 
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
"Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life." —   
"When she didn’t win the nomination 8 years ago, she didn’t get...disillusioned...she proudly stepped up to serve our country." — 
"There is only one person...truly qualified to be president of the United States, and that is our friend Hillary Clinton." — 
Happening now: Watch   speak at the  :  
"Let us declare again that we are a nation of interdependence and that in America, love always trumps hate." — oryBooker  
"We are the United States of America.
We will not falter or fail.
We will not retreat or surrender." — oryBooker  
“America, we will rise.” — oryBooker  
"Hillary Clinton knows what Donald Trump betrays time and time again in this campaign: that we are not a zero sum nation." — oryBooker
"Trump says he would run our country like he has run his businesses. Well, I’m from Jersey...we see how he leads in Atlantic City.” —Booker
“Patriotism is love of country. But you can’t love your country without loving your countrymen and your countrywomen.” — oryBooker
“Generations of heroic Americans have made our nation more inclusive, more expansive, and more just.” — oryBooker  
“Our forefathers gathered in this very city, and they declared before the world that would be a free and independent nation." —Sen. Booker
Watch live as  oryBooker takes the stage at the  :  
“So guess what Donald? It turns out America is pretty great already.” —   
Thank you,  , for describing your experience dealing with mental illness with such courage.    
"I know she will fight to keep our families together, nuestras familias” —DREAMer  _NV on Hillary  
"Valiente. Brave. That’s what Hillary...called me when I told her I was worried my parents would be deported" —Karla  
"When Donald Trump talks about deporting 11 million people, he’s talking about...separating families like mine and like Karla’s" — _NV
“My family believed so deeply in the promise of this country that we risked everything for the American Dream.” —DREAMer activist  _NV
We need comprehensive immigration reform to keep families like Karla's together.  
 
Tonight,   voted for the most progressive party platform ever. Here are some highlights:    
Opioid addiction is destroying too many lives across our country. It's time to end this epidemic.
 
We don't just believe in a country where no one is left out or left behind—we're making it a reality.
 
Let’s make sure our future is in the right hands.      
It's not just history that's watching us—it's the future, too.    
I was at   and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
Get the details you need to know ahead of day one at the  :  
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
Thank you OHIO!  
   
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon!  
   
We’re ready to kick off a historic  .

Watch live:    
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!  
   
"He is a progressive who likes to get things done. That’s just my kind of guy." –Hillary on    
Putting Donald Trump in charge of our economy would be devastating for working families.
 
  
   
No matter where you are, you can help Hillary win in November. All you need is a smartphone.  
 
“Everyone who has served deserves our thanks...and you deserve a country and a president and Commander-in-Chief who honors your service."
The freedoms and privileges that we enjoy as Americans didn’t come out of thin air. People fought and bled and died for them.
"We are not going to privatize the V.A., we’re going to reform it." —Hillary
"I believe that he and all American prisoners of war are heroes.” —Hillary on Senator John McCain
“I don’t understand people who trash talk about America…who act as if we are not yet the greatest country that has ever been created.”
Our troops strive to conduct themselves with honor.

They deserve a Commander-in-Chief who will never order them to commit war crimes.
"One thing’s for certain: You won’t ever hear me praising dictators and strongmen who have no love for America.” —Hillary on Donald Trump
"I believe in being firm but wise with our rivals—finding common ground where we can and standing our ground when we must." —Hillary
"Americans aren’t just choosing a president, we’re also choosing a Commander-in-Chief." —Hillary to the  
Hillary's speaking at the  . Tune in now:  
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse.  
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
Thank you!    
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me
.  is everything Donald Trump and Mike Pence are not: progressive and qualified to lead on day one.  
For more than a decade,  's been leading the fight against the NRA—right in their own backyard.
 
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!
There's never been a campaign app like this before. Download it today to help Hillary win.  
 
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
People had some fun with a new game we invented: Sad! Libs.  
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild
"Do all the good you can—measure your life by the positive effect you can have on other people’s lives." —   
The   panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump.   is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
Today proves what I have always known, that   Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz ( .)
"Couldn't have said it better!" —David Duke, former grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, on Donald Trump's RNC speech  
Trump's convention message: fear and hate.

RT if you agree we're better than this.
 
"  is a good man. He’s a true progressive. And he will make a great vice president." —   
"Donald will betray his supporters on every issue." —  on the   nominee  
"It's hard to find a project he touched that did not produce allegations of broken promises...or outright fraud."
 
Trump, translated:

✓Build the wall
✓Add $34 trillion to the national debt
✓Revoke 20 million Americans' insurance  
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
Your   nominee for president has some thoughts on graphic design.
 
Our goal: 3 million people to register and commit to vote by Nov. 8

Help us get there. →  
 
 
   
Outraged by today's attack in Kabul that killed dozens who were peacefully demonstrating. We stand with the Afghan people against terror. -H
"I don't defend what he says." —  on      
" :   Dinesh D'Sousa Hillary's America. see it"
" :   Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals    "
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!
"Tough times don't last, but tough people do."  —  in his first speech as Hillary's running mate
 
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
Help welcome   to the team. Get your sticker today to show your support:    
“Let’s go make history and elect Hillary Clinton the 45th president of the United States.” —   
"America was built on courage, on imagination, and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.” —  quoting Harry Truman
"You’re right, he doesn’t trash talk everybody. He likes Vladimir Putin.” —  on Donald Trump
“I know the NRA...They’ve campaigned against me in every statewide race I’ve ever run, but I’ve never lost an election.” — 
"Hillary and I will not rest...until we get universal background checks and close loopholes.” —  on preventing gun violence
“In the first 100 days, we’ll put forward a comprehensive immigration reform package that includes a path to citizenship.” — 
“We’ll make sure that Wall Street, and corporations, and the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes.” — 
"We’re going to make our economy work for everybody, not just those at the top.” — 
"There are an awful lot of people who’ve put their trust and faith in Hillary. And she has always delivered.” — 
"I’m a Catholic, and Hillary is a Methodist, but I tell you, her creed is the same as mine: 
Do all the good you can.” — 
"If I’m good at anything in public life, it’s because I started at the local level—listening to people...&amp; trying to find consensus." —Kaine
"Marrying Anne was, and remains, the best decision of my life.” — 
“My mom once told me…‘if you want to do right, be an optimist.’” — 
Tim has spent most of his life in public service because he believes in doing everything he can to make a difference in people’s lives.
"Hillary Clinton is the exact opposite of Donald Trump.

She doesn’t insult people. She listens to them." — 
"What does Donald Trump say about these great Americans?

He calls the American military 'a disaster.’” — 
"Join us. Take out your phone right now and text JOIN to 47246. Or go to  " —Hillary
"I can’t think of any better person to have by my side on the campaign trail and in the White House." —Hillary
"Tim has led on some of the most important issues facing our country—from voting rights to LGBT equality to criminal justice reform."
Trump's dangerously wrong when he says “I alone can fix it.”

Americans haver never put our faith in one man—we put our faith in each other.
Make no mistake: Behind that smile,   has a backbone of steel.

Just ask the NRA.
The people who know   best have voted to give him a promotion because he fights for the people he represents and delivers results.
Pence slashed education funding in Indiana &amp; gave tax cuts to the wealthiest.

Kaine cut his own salary &amp; invested in education in Virginia.
During law school, when his classmates were taking internships at prestigious firms,   served as a missionary in Honduras.
"Tim is everything Donald Trump &amp; Mike Pence are not…he is a progressive who likes to get things done. That’s just my kind of guy." —Hillary
“In Philadelphia, we’ll offer a very different vision for our country. One that is about building bridges, not walls.” —Hillary
Donald Trump may think America is in decline, but he’s wrong.

America’s best days are still ahead of us.
"After everything we saw at the Republican Convention...being here with you on this beautiful day is like a breath of fresh air." —Hillary
Live from Miami: Hillary takes the stage in her first appearance with her running mate,   →  
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
If you want to know what someone’s really like, ask his neighbors when he's not around.  
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
This is what dauntless leadership looks like. Thank you,  —proud to call you a friend. -H  
Trump, translated:

✓Build the wall
✓Add $34 trillion to the national debt
✓Revoke 20 million Americans' insurance  
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
" _Cali:   General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS!  "
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
Welcome to the team,  .  
Meet  —Hillary's running mate and the next vice president of the United States.  
. 's guiding principle: the belief that you can make a difference through public service.  
.  is a relentless optimist who believes no problem is unsolvable if you put in the work to solve it.
 
I'm thrilled to announce my running mate,  , a man who's devoted his life to fighting for others. -H  
Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
Donald Trump told lie after lie last night because it's all he has to offer the American people.  
"The best way I can sum up what I hope this election will lead to...is: Love trumps hate." —Hillary
"The last thing we need is somebody running for president who talks trash about America." —Hillary in Tampa
"I've never known America to quit on ourselves. I've never known us to give up in the face of tough challenges." —Hillary
"We need more love and kindness in this country...The last thing we need are leaders who try to divide us even more than we are." —Hillary
"He sure doesn’t speak for me, because I know we are stronger together, and that’s what we’re going to be." —Hillary on Trump
"He doesn’t speak for anyone who thinks our country should be standing together, not splintering apart." —Hillary  
"He doesn’t speak for immigrants...I don’t think he speaks for women. I don’t think he speaks for working families." —Hillary on Trump
"As I recall, we had a revolution to make sure we didn't have someone who said, 'I can fix it alone.'" —Hillary  
"I've never heard an American leader...claiming that he's all we need. That's not a democracy, my friends." —Hillary
Donald Trump’s speech last night took it to a whole new level. He offered a lot of anger and fear and resentment—but no solutions.
“I never thought I’d say these words, but Ted Cruz was right...in this election, do the right thing and vote your conscience.” —Hillary
"Hard to believe they spent so much time talking about me and no time talking about jobs or education or health care." —Hillary on the RNC
"I think after the last week...we'd better be ready to go win an election in November." —Hillary in Tampa
Monitoring the horrific situation in Munich. We stand with our friends in Germany as they work to bring those responsible to justice. -H
What Trump really means when he says "Make America Great Again”:  
This is Trump's party. This could be Trump's America.

Don't let it.
 
WATCH: Damning video undermines Trump momentum after accepting nomination →  
Donald Trump doesn't represent us.
His ideas don't represent us.
And his values don't represent us.
Add your name:  
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage &amp; set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings!  
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
President. Donald. Trump.

Get your free sticker to show the world you're not about to let that happen:  
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!  
 
How will you feel if you wake up on Jan. 20 to President Trump? Chip in now to help keep him out of the White House:  
FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION!    
As of tonight, only one thing is standing between Donald Trump and the presidency: all of us. Get your free sticker:  
This is real—Donald Trump just accepted the   nomination.

RT if you agree: We can't let him become president.  
"I’m with you*" — 

*Not included: women, African Americans, LGBT people, Muslims, Latinos, immigrants...
History is watching.  
Every 👈  time 👈   👈 makes 👈 you 👈 mad 👈 chip 👈 in👈  $1.    
We are better than this.
Your party's official platform supports “conversion therapy,”   .  
Here's how the Republican ticket would "protect" LGBT Americans.    
Trump is right about one thing.    
You are not our voice,  .
.  ranked a Donald Trump presidency as the third greatest threat to the global economy.    
Let's review the record.  
If Trump wants to talk about debt, let’s start with the $34 trillion (that's a "t") his tax plan would run up.  
Show   that his hateful words have a cost. Chip in $1 every time he lies.    
👀     
About  's views on working women and pregnancy.  
You can watch 360 video live from the podium!        
Follow   tonight for live fact-checking of Donald Trump’s   speech. The best facts, in fact.
.  has the best words when you're not running for president.    
"I already have a concentration camp...it's called Tent City." —Joe Arpaio, Trump endorser and   speaker  
Introducing ¡Hillary en español!, a new account to bring you the latest from this campaign in Spanish. Follow  _esp.
"It's pretty obvious he doesn't know a lot about the issues." —  on Trump

We couldn't agree more, Mitch  
So much for party unity.
 
"Dummy."
"Slob."
"Animal."

Here's what   has said about you:    
Mike Pence introduced himself to America last night. Here's what we learned—and what he forgot to mention:  
This is a MOVEMENT!    
It’s hard to keep track of all of the ignorant and divisive things Trump and Pence have said—so we did it for you.  
Now might be a good time to follow us on Snapchat.    
"A sniveling coward" 
"Carnival barker"
Just some of the things Republicans at the   have said about Trump:  
Hillary's spent her career helping others.  ? He only helps himself. A side-by-side comparison:  
Thank you  . Proud of you!      
Now we know what Trump really thinks about us. Sad!      
"If I were in charge, they would know...waterboarding is how we'd baptize terrorists." —Sarah Palin, Trump supporter  
Great job  !  
 
Introducing  : Discover what   thinks about people like you.    
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
"You do not represent us.
Your ideas don’t represent us.
Your values don’t represent us."

Add your name:  
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
Donald Trump is...occasionally right.  
 
Great job  ! Proud of you!
     
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
Arena was packed, totally electric!
. _pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
Our next Vice President of the United States of America, Gov.  _Pence!
   
   
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Vote your conscience.  
Don’t boo—buck Trump 👉      
Mike Pence tried to legalize LGBT discrimination in Indiana—and cost the state millions in the process.    
You don't say, Mike.    
If you thought Donald Trump was going to pick a running mate who would appeal to moderates, think again.  
Donald Trump chose one of the most anti-LGBT politicians in the country to be his Vice President.    
Great job  ! Proud of you! 
   
   
A few things you should know about Trump's V̶P̶ ̶p̶i̶c̶k̶ convention speaker, Newt Gingrich.  
 
We made this when we thought Newt might be Trump’s VP pick. He wasn’t. Here you go anyway!    
Thank you  !   
   
"Pathological liar."
"Out of a psychology textbook."
"Narcissist." —  on Trump, 78 days ago  
 
Very big of you,  .    
Thank you to Governor   for such warm support. Great speech!
Thank you  !    
Neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and anti-Semites: three groups   is bringing together.
 
    
 
Fact check: The   speakers are lying to America—at least 67 times so far.  
Watching the  
   
Hillary on the passing of Rep. Mark Takai.  
I applaud the 5th Circuit for blocking Texas's voter ID law—one of the most restrictive in America. Let's make voting easier, not harder. -H
Whose rights has Mike Pence restricted?
✓Women
✓Immigrants
✓LGBT people  
Trump or Pence: Who said it worse? It's a close call.  
What our president says matters. We can't let  's hateful words speak for us.  
This week in 1848, the Seneca Falls Convention declared that women deserve equal rights.

168 years later...  
Last night's   theme: "Make America Work* Again"

*Instructions not included  
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
Trump says he'd run the U.S. like his businesses.

Which pretty much means letting America go bankrupt.  
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH
 
"I will bring people together." — 

Yeah, we don't think so.
 
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
"He won me over with that Mexican rapist speech." —Ann Coulter on Donald Trump  
Trump doesn't represent us or our values. Join the 100,000 people who have already signed our letter if you agree:  
Five disturbing things the GOP officially stands for (yes, in 2016):  
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Bill Hemmer of   was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
On the  's "economy night," here's everything we learned about Donald Trump's economic plan:  
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
So...what exactly did we learn tonight about Donald Trump's economic plan?  
 
Yeah, Donald Trump has been a real gem to working women.    
It's not brain surgery: Republicans tend to be a bit more truth-y when the presidency isn't on the line.    
If Donald Trump wants to make America great again, he should start by actually making things in America.
 
You're too kind,  .    
Lots of talk of "talent and drive" about someone who repeatedly drives his businesses into the ground.    
This small business owner sold Donald Trump pianos for his Atlantic City casino.

Trump stiffed him for the payment.  
If you think Chris Christie can lecture anyone on ethics, we have a bridge to sell you.    
Not according to your anti-woman, anti-LGBT, anti-immigrant   platform.    
The Republican Party platform is so hateful, you'd think Donald Trump wrote it himself.  
Senator McConnell can be very complimentary—when you're not on the ballot.    
Your potential next president doesn't think filing for bankruptcy is a bad thing.
 
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
Let's do this.  
Donald Trump just became the Republican nominee. Chip in now to make sure he never steps foot in the Oval Office.  
On this day in 1984,   nominated Geraldine Ferraro—the first woman VP nominee on a major party ticket.  
We watched the first night of the   so you didn't have to. Some of the worst of what we heard:  
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
Live from HQ:  ,  , and   introduce our 3 Million Stronger voter registration goal:  
1973: 
 
Donald Trump is sued for housing discrimination.
Hillary begins her career at the Children's Defense Fund.  
  
    
   
Just 10 minutes left to finish reading Trump's lawsuits. Think we can make it? Tune in now:    
 
    
   
"He's built his empire on other people's backs." —A small business owner who Donald Trump still owes $30,000
 
2,016 and counting: We're reading thousands of lawsuits involving   live on Facebook.  
We think Trump's been involved in more than 5,500 lawsuits. We're going to try and read them all in 4 hours:  
"Nothing is more ridiculous than Trump's claim that he's the enemy of Wall Street." — 
 
We’re going to enfranchise as many Americans as possible, and we're going to win. Join us:  
 
" :  Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people."
Trump bulldozed his way into this nomination by sowing hate—add your name to tell him that's not who we are.  
A small business owner sold Donald Trump pianos for his Atlantic City casino.

Trump stiffed him for the payment.
 
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud!  
A good reminder.    
Chip in $1 if you agree we can’t let Trump “win so big.”     
 
When   makes you mad, chip in to make him…sad!    
Trump took over $100,000 from emergency 9/11 funds for small businesses—for his swanky Wall Street property.  
Republicans have a lot of nice things to say—when it's not an election year. Thanks, Mayor Giuliani.    
Republicans say the world doesn't respect us. The world disagrees.    
Meet the starting line-up for Team Trump at the  :    
Will be on   tonight at 8:30pm  - prior to Melania's speech at the  . Tune in- she will do great!  
"Donald Trump lost control of his own convention before it even started."  
 
 !
    
   
With five million lives on the line, SCOTUS should grant DOJ's petition to rehear U.S. v. Texas. Let's keep immigrant families together. -H
Lincoln called it "terrible." FDR said he hated it.

 ? "I love war."
 
Today’s   theme: “Law and Order.”
 
Networks other than low ratings   have been very fair and exciting!
.  is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we've had." –   
We can't let these two anywhere near the White House.  
"No nos representas. Tus ideas no nos representan. Tus valores no nos representan"
Carta abierta a Trump. Firma hoy:  
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!
Commit to vote today to show   we're  :  
"I’m pleased to announce a nationwide drive to get 3 million people to register to vote and commit to vote in this election." —Hillary
"As Dr. King said, 'Our lives begin to end when we become silent about things that matter.' None of can afford to be silent." —Hillary
We're watching the Party of Lincoln become the Party of Trump.

That's not just a loss for our country—it's a threat.
Thank you Mahoning County, Ohio! See you soon!   
   
"In times like these, we need a president who can help pull us together, not split us apart. I will work every single day to do just that."
Let’s also put ourselves in the shoes of police officers. Empathy works both ways. We’ve got to try to see the world through their eyes.
White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers that you face every day.
"Ending systemic racism requires contributions from us all, especially those of us who haven’t experienced it ourselves." —Hillary
People who care about protecting the lives of police officers should be committed to getting assault weapons off our streets.
Fixing the mass incarceration crisis.
Dismantling the school-to-prison pipeline.
Helping the formerly incarcerated.

It's time to act.
We must fight for criminal justice reform. Everyone is safer when there is respect for the law and when everyone is respected by the law.
"Perhaps the best way to honor our police is to follow the lead of police departments across the country who are striving to do better."
"Killing police officers is a terrible crime...anyone who kills a police officer and anyone who helps must be held accountable." —Hillary
Watch live as Hillary speaks to the   in Cincinnati:  
Donald Trump: We're going to do everything we can to make sure you never become president.  
 
Confessions of a Republican:

"I was a Republican... Trump, he's a different kind of man. This man scares me."
 
Donald Trump is about to become the   nominee for president. Add your name if you won't let him win:  
I stand with everyone at the International AIDS Conference in Durban in the fight for an  .   -H
"I think the Party is about to make a terrible mistake in Cleveland." A confession from a Republican on Trump:
 
Getting rid of gun-free school zones.
Banning Muslims entering the country.

What you need to know about Trump:  
"Are you going to vote for the guy who wants to build a wall or for someone who's building bridges?" — _Manuel
 
Eric Garner was killed two years ago today. Here's how his mother, Gwen Carr, is advocating for reform:  
Just a few of the ways   has proven that he's unfit for the presidency:
 
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
Hillary's statement on the shooting in Baton Rouge.  
" : DonaldTrump and his running mate  _Pence to appear on   in first joint interview. CBS  "
I will be on   tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...
 
That time Donald Trump introduced his running mate...sort of.
 
The ratings at   blow away the ratings of   - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
.  is much better, and far more truthful, than  , which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch.
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
As the days and weeks go by,  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
" Doonbeg: Great news! We've been nominated for Ireland's Best Golf Hotel 2016.We would appreciate your vote!  "
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Your potential next president on building a wall...
 
And bathrooms.
 
La próxima semana, los republicanos nominarán a alguien que piensa que una campaña para la comunidad latina es tuitear un 'taco bowl'.
We’ve got to say with one voice that Latinos are a vital part of the American community.
 
What kind of president do we want our kids looking up to?  
Mike Pence would outlaw abortion.

And Donald Trump just made him his running mate.  
Bad for:
✔️ The economy
✔️ Women
✔️ Immigrants 
✔️ And *literally* the planet  
Thank you!    
Well, ​*we’ve*​ got plenty to say about Mike Pence. Here you go:  
"I long for the day that Roe v. Wade is sent to the ash heap of history." —Trump's VP pick, Mike Pence  
FACT: Mike Pence advocated for legislation that allowed businesses to discriminate against LGBT people.
 
Donald Trump:
Always divisive.
Not so decisive.
 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
Hillary on the situation in  .  
Mike Pence: He’s Donald Trump with a different haircut.  
Oficial:   acaba de escoger a Mike Pence para ser su vicepresidente. Aquí lo que debes saber de él:
 
Si tenías alguna duda que Trump continuará su peligroso plan para el país, conoce quién escogió para vicepresidente.  
If you like Donald Trump, you’re going to love his choice for vice president.  
Get to know Trump's VP pick, Mike Pence: current governor of Indiana and potential disaster for America.  
Chip in to keep Donald Trump, Mike Pence, and their extreme agenda out of the White House:  
If you had any doubts about Trump sticking with his dangerous plan for America, say hello to his VP pick.  
It's official:   just chose Mike Pence as his running mate. What you need to know about him:
 
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!
Thank you, Virginia and Senator  .  
  is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Every American stands in strong solidarity with the people of France" —Hillary on the attack in Nice  
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
Watch live as Hillary and Senator   take the stage in Virginia →  
We’ve got to say with one voice that Latinos are a vital part of the American community.
 
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA.
One year in, the   has put a lid on Iran’s nuclear program. Strong, principled diplomacy can work. Effective enforcement is key. -H
“We have to move our country and ourselves…toward a future that reflects the simple, timeless notion that all of us are equal.” —Hillary
When our kids are scared by our politicians and policy debates, it’s a sign something has gone badly off the rails.  
"I will say what Donald Trump won’t: Judge Curiel is as American as I am and as American as Donald Trump." —Hillary
Even   called Trump’s comments on Judge Curiel, “the textbook definition of a racist comment.”
.  said a federal judge can't be trusted because of his "Mexican heritage." That just fans the flames of racial division.
Next week in Cleveland, Republicans will nominate someone who thinks “Latino outreach” is tweeting out a picture of a taco bowl.
Too many kids say bye to their parents every morning, not knowing if mom or dad will be there when they get home.

We have to fix this.
"In my first 100 days…I will introduce comprehensive immigration reform with a path to citizenship.” —Hillary:  
“For families making less than $125,000 a year, we’ll eliminate tuition at public colleges and universities.” —Hillary
Hillary's new college plan will help more students, especially students of color, afford college:  
No one who works full-time in America should ever live in poverty.

We need to raise the minimum wage.
"We need to close the gender pay gap...Latinas earn just 55 cents for every dollar earned by a white man. That is just outrageous." —Hillary
"Latinos are 17% of our country’s population, but you hold only 2% of its wealth. There’s a disconnect here." —Hillary at  
"Latinos have to help us shape the future of America because you are the future of America.” —Hillary at  
Tune in to watch Hillary speak live at  :    
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today! 
     
Great new poll- thank you America!
     
Remember: When   opens his mouth, our kids are listening.
 
Gun violence against Americans is all of our problem. We need to solve it together.
 
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
In the presence of practical, tactical brilliance  .  
In America, we lift each other up. We build bridges, not walls. We stand together because we're stronger together.
 
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
Even the   and   Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone   falls flat in nationwide  . Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common.  
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The Republican platform is most 
pro-Israel of all time!
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
"We need a leader who will push us all to make our society more tolerant, inclusive, and fair." —   
  is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida, Ohio, &amp; Pennsylvania. I haven't started yet!  
Let’s be more than allies to each other.

Let’s take on each other’s struggles as our own.
 
“If we do the work, we will 'cease to be divided.' We will be indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.” —Hillary
"Let’s be more than allies to each other. Let’s take on each other’s struggles as our own." —Hillary
"Donald Trump’s campaign adds up to an ugly, dangerous message to America. A message that you should be afraid." —Hillary
"I do wish Donald would listen to other people once in a while. He might actually learn something. But...he only listens to himself."
Imagine if Trump had not just Twitter to go after critics and opponents, but also the IRS—or our military. Do you think he’d be restrained?
Trump has banished members of the press who have criticized him.

Is there any doubt he would do the same as president?
"When kids are scared by political candidates and policy debates, it’s a sign something has gone badly wrong." —Hillary
"Even this—the killing of black people by police—is somehow all about him." —Hillary on Trump  
In times like these, we need a president who can help pull us
together, not split us apart.

And that's why Donald Trump is so dangerous.
“In my first 100 days as president, we will make the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II.” —Hillary
These things can be true at once:

We need criminal justice reform.

We need to support police.

We need to do more to stop gun violence.
The vast majority of gun owners agree: we have to prevent gun violence.

If we’re looking for common ground, this is common ground.
We need to listen to the dedicated, principled police officers working hard every day to rebuild trust with the communities they serve.
"We need to listen to those who say 'Black Lives Matter.' Too many black Americans...feel like their lives are disposable." —Hillary
Let's listen to families whose loved ones have been killed in police incidents. Alton Sterling. Philando Castile. Sandra Bland—one year ago.
"I want...all of our children to grow up in a country where violence like the kind we saw last week doesn’t happen again” —Hillary
We need to take a hard look at our laws and our attitudes. We need to embrace policies that promote justice for all people.
"The words Lincoln spoke all those years ago hold resonance for us now...he said: 'A house divided against itself cannot stand.'" —Hillary
Watch live as Hillary speaks from the Illinois statehouse, where Lincoln gave his "house divided" speech in 1858.  
In America, we're always stronger together.  
Thank you Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania!   is not qualified.    
Thank you!    
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
THANK YOU INDIANA!    
Thank you,  . Proud to fight alongside you.  
"Vi cómo ella trataba a todos con respeto. Así es como se juzga a alguien"—presidente Obama sobre Hillary.
 
Let’s ask ourselves, "What can I do to stop violence and promote justice?"
 
Happy birthday, Malala! Thank you for fighting for every girl's right to an education.  
Thank you Iowa- see you soon!
    
   
I will be interviewed by   tonight on   at 8pm. Enjoy!
The American people agree. No free pass for  !  
Taking on systemic racism—and rebuilding trust between police and citizens—will require contributions from us all.  
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president and I am proud to stand with her today." — 
 
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
  is not qualified!
 
Together, let’s go win this election.  
"You can take out your phone right now and text JOIN to 47246. Or go to   We accept $27 donations, too, you know.”
To everyone who poured your heart and soul into Bernie’s campaign, thank you. Our country desperately needs your voices.
"Let's make it easier to vote, not harder. Let’s fight back against attacks on voting rights across the country.” —Hillary
Let’s expand Social Security—not cut or privatize it.
Let’s offer paid family leave.
Let’s guarantee equal pay for women once and for all.
We’re going to make sure that Wall Street, corporations, and the super-rich pay their fair share of taxes.
“For families making less than $125,000 a year, we’ll eliminate tuition at those schools altogether.”  
$7.25 an hour is a starvation wage. So sorry Donald, if you’re watching, we’re not cutting the minimum wage, we’re raising the minimum wage.
“Let’s take real, meaningful action to end the epidemic of gun violence in America.” —Hillary
Taking on systemic racism and rebuilding trust and respect between law enforcement and the communities they serve will require all of us.
Thank you,  , not just for your endorsement, but for a lifetime of fighting injustice.
"He has energized and inspired a generation of young people who care deeply about our country.” —Hillary on  
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president, and I am proud to stand with her today." — 
"We produced, by far, the most progressive platform in the history of the Democratic Party." — 
"We become stronger when black and white, Latino, Asian American, Native American—all of us—stand together.” — 
"This election must be about bringing our people together, not dividing us up." — 
Hillary "knows that it is absurd that middle-class Americans are paying an effective tax rate higher than hedge fund millionaires.” —Bernie
"The last thing we need...is a president who doesn’t care about whether millions will lose access to health care coverage." —Bernie on Trump
"If anyone out there thinks this election is not important...think about the SCOTUS justices Donald Trump will nominate." — 
"Hillary Clinton understands that if someone in America works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty.” — 
"There is no doubt in my mind that...Hillary Clinton is far and away the best candidate to do that." —   
"This campaign is about the needs of the American people and addressing the very serious crises that we face." — 
"I have come here to make it as clear as possible as to why I am endorsing Hillary Clinton." —  in New Hampshire
"She will be the Democratic nominee...and I intend to do everything I can to make certain she will be the next president." — 
"Secretary Clinton has won the Democratic nominating process, and I congratulate her for that." — 
"Together, we will continue to fight for a government which represents all of us, and not just the 1%." — 
Watch live as   joins Hillary on the trail in New Hampshire.  
Donald Trump in the Oval Office is flat-out dangerous. We can’t let it happen.  
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
This election is a choice between law, order &amp; safety - or chaos, crime &amp; violence. I will make America safe again for everyone.  
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
Praising some of the world's most notorious, brutal dictators should be a red flag for a presidential candidate.
 
   
   
“Dejó a un lado su agenda personal y emociones por una causa mayor y servir al país"—presidente Obama sobre Hillary.
 
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued.. 
"They picked a nominee whose only plan is to build a higher wall." —  on  's dangerous policies
 
"Her way of dealing with the stories she hears is not just to repeat the story but to do something about the story."  
Speech on Veterans' Reform:
 
Great poll- Florida! Thank you!  
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan.
.  says he "loves the vets."

Prisoners of war? Not so much.
 
New ad: Donald Trump's number one foreign policy advisor? Himself.

And his "very good brain."
 
Donald Trump says he supports our veterans, but he's taken advantage of them time and time again.  
You have a problem when a candidate looks to Saddam Hussein and Kim Jong-un as examples of good leadership.  
What does it say about a presidential candidate when he consistently showers praise on brutal dictators?
 
Join me in Westfield, Indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm!   
Tickets:    
"Hillary is not somebody who fears the future. She believes that it is ours to shape." —   
For Donald Trump, it's not about what he can build —it's about how much he can take.  
Our economy added 287,000 jobs last month—just another reminder of how far we've come under  :  
"You can count on her, and how she won’t waver, and she won’t back down, and she will not quit." —   
When Donald Trump's casinos failed, hundreds of people lost their jobs, but he walked away with millions.  
“Necesitamos escribir un nuevo capítulo en el sueño americano–y no puede ser el Capítulo 11 (de bancarrota)”.  
I heard that the underachieving John King of   on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
As the President has reminded us, the arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justice.
 
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
"I saw how she treated everybody with respect. That's how you judge somebody." —  on Hillary
 
New poll - thank you!  
   
Community health centers provide care for 25 million Americans. Here's Hillary's plan to double their funding:  
Congrats,   on your record-tying 22nd Grand Slam title!    
" 's story, like so many other American stories, reminds us of who we are as a people." —Hillary
 
Way to go    - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the barriers they face.
 
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
   
“Let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart.” —Galatians 6:9
"When the 24-hour news cycle moves on, I won’t.” —Hillary on preventing gun violence and addressing racial injustice
"Elie Wiesel once clarified for us that 'the opposite of love is not hate—it’s indifference.' ... None of us can afford to be indifferent."
"Let’s ask ourselves, what can I do to stop violence and promote justice? How can I show that your life matters to me?" —Hillary
White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers you face every day.
We cannot, must not, vilify police officers. Remember what those officers were doing when they died. They were protecting a peaceful march.
"In my first budget, I'll commit $1 billion to find and fund the best training programs [and] support new research." —Hillary
"We’ll make it clear when deadly force is warranted and when it is not, and emphasize proven methods for de-escalating situations." —Hillary
"I will bring law enforcement and communities together to develop national guidelines on the use of force by police officers." —Hillary
“Gun violence is ripping apart people’s lives. They are trying to tell us. We need to listen.” —Hillary
Alton and Philando's deaths are the latest in a long, painful litany of African Americans killed in police incidents—123 so far this year.
There is clear evidence that black Americans are more likely to be killed in police incidents than any other group. We have to do better.
There is something wrong with our country. There is too much violence...too much senseless killing, too many people dead who shouldn’t be.
"We pray for those families and for the souls of all those we lost this week and all those preceding. May they rest in God’s peace" —Hillary
Watch live as Hillary addresses the AME Church Conference in Philadelphia:  
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on  ?
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers... 
I mourn for the officers shot while doing their sacred duty to protect peaceful protesters, for their families &amp; all who serve with them. -H
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
We have a responsibility to fight for the next generation. All of us.  
 
After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary.
Too many African American families are mourning. Too many young black men and women have been taken from us.  
“There has to be some form of punishment [for seeking abortion].” —Donald Trump, March 30, 2016  
Thank you Speaker  !
      
    
Thank you Rep. Collins!    
Alton Sterling Matters.
Philando Castile Matters.
Black Lives Matter.  
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Trump got ahead by cheating working people like Andrew Tesoro. Now he wants to do the same thing to our country.
 
America woke up to yet another tragedy of a life cut down too soon. Black Lives Matter.   -H
We can't let Trump's approach to the economy anywhere near the White House.  
Great being in Cincinnati, Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now.      
While Trump's Atlantic City casinos posted $66 million in losses, he paid himself a $5 million bonus.  
Do you want to build a strawman?  
Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also? 
Dishonest media!    
"The death of Alton Sterling is a tragedy, and my prayers are with his family." —Hillary  
Trabajemos para que ningún estudiante tenga que endeudarse para estudiar en una universidad pública de su estado.  
Newly discovered footage that could destroy Donald Trump’s campaign if everyone saw it:  
The Trump Atlantic City business method: Drive a business into the ground, stiff workers, and take home millions.  
To all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary.  
Let's make sure   never has the chance to bankrupt America the way he bankrupted his businesses.
 
Let's make it so that no student has to take on debt to go to a public college or university in their state.  
Praying for a safe Eid Al-Fitr. My heart breaks for families struck by terror in Turkey, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, and Bangladesh this Ramadan. -H
Who got hurt when Trump abandoned Atlantic City?
✔️Small businesses
✔️Vendors
✔️Local builders
✔️Casino workers
 
"In America, we don’t begrudge people being successful…but we do if they get rich by destroying other people." —Hillary
“No major company has filed Chapter 11 more often in the last 30 years than Trump’s casinos.” —Hillary
Donald Trump's business strategy:

It's not about what you can build. It's about how much you can take.
"What he did here in Atlantic City is exactly what he’ll do if he wins in November." —Hillary on  :  
“Atlantic City was a very good cash cow for me for a long time...The money I took out of there was incredible.” —Donald Trump
"[ 's] businesses were failing long before the rest of the town was struggling...his bad decisions hurt the whole city."
And the Trump Taj Mahal, which Donald called the 8th Wonder of the World, is bankrupt. It canceled workers' health insurance and pensions.
The Trump Marina Hotel Casino in Atlantic City was sold just a few years ago at a huge loss.
Donald Trump called the Trump Plaza Casino and Hotel "the biggest hit yet."

Now, it's abandoned.  
What Donald Trump did in Atlantic City is nothing to brag about—it’s shameful—and every voter in America needs to know about it.
We can't let Trump bankrupt America like we're one of his casinos.

Watch Hillary live from Atlantic City →  
Trump made millions while bankrupting his businesses, laying off workers, and stiffing contractors. Here's how:
 
Hillary heard you: College costs are too high in America. It's time to fix it.  
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
Learn more about Hillary's plan to give former students relief from student debt:    
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes,    Politics
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies.
Donald Trump's praise for brutal dictators like Saddam Hussein knows no bounds.  
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, but...   
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement.
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information." Not fit!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with "murder." Come November 8, she's out!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
What   said.  
I will be interviewed by   tonight on   at 11pm. Enjoy!
My son,   will be interviewed by   tonight at 10pm on  . Enjoy!
"Quiero que tú ayudes a elegirla nuestra próxima Presidenta de los Estados Unidos”—Obama.  
"I'm here today because I believe in Hillary Clinton." —  at his first campaign stop of 2016
 
Fired up. Ready to go.  
Follow along as   takes over Hillary's Instagram account on the trail in Charlotte:    
Thanks, Obama.  
"The fact is, Hillary is steady. Hillary is true. … That’s how real change and real progress happen.” — 
"Don’t boo, vote! Booing doesn’t help. You need to vote.” —  on Donald Trump’s dangerous policies
"She will be a stateswoman who makes us proud around the world. ... She knows what it takes to be Commander-in-Chief." —  on Hillary
"If your concern is who's going to look out for working families...the other side's got nothing to offer you." — 
"There has never been any man or woman more qualified for this office than Hillary Clinton. That's the truth." — 
"I saw how you can count on her. How she won't back down. How she won't quit." —  on Hillary
"I saw how she treated everybody with respect...that's how you judge somebody. How they treat others when the cameras are off." — 
"Let me tell you, my faith in Hillary Clinton has always been rewarded." — 
"I saw the passion that she feels for anybody who's experienced injustice. ... It was personal to her." —  on Hillary
"I'm here today because I believe in Hillary Clinton. I want you to help elect her as the next President of the United States." — 
“I don’t know about you, but we’re fired up and ready to go!” —Hillary  
"In America, we don’t tear each other down, we lift each other up.

We build bridges, not walls." —Hillary
"The world hangs on every word a president says, and Donald Trump is...temperamentally unfit to be our Commander-in-Chief." —Hillary
"He’s a statesman—leading not just our country but the entire world. This is a president who knows how to keep us safe and strong." —Hillary
"When I look at  , I see someone who—in spite of obstruction he’s faced—still reaches for common ground and common purpose." —Hillary
Our families and workplaces have changed in the 21st century. It's time for our policies—from paid leave to equal pay—to be updated, too.
It’s wrong that some millionaires can pay a lower tax rate than their secretaries, and we’re going to stop it.
We’re going to crack down on companies that ship jobs and profits overseas, and reward the ones that share profits with employees instead.
"We’re going to make college debt-free for all...and help millions of people struggling with existing student debt." —Hillary
"Under   and  , we’ve had 75 straight months of job growth. I want us to see 75 more." —Hillary
"President Obama’s job was to save us from a second Great Depression—and that’s exactly what he did.” —Hillary
"It means so much to have  ’s support in this campaign. He knows a thing or two about winning elections." —Hillary
"Someone who has never forgotten where he came from. And Donald, if you’re out there tweeting: It’s Hawaii." —Hillary on  
Live from Charlotte:   hits the trail with Hillary for the first time in this campaign. Watch:  
Looking forward to meeting with   in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.
Q: "Will you condemn David Duke and say that you don't want...white supremacists' [votes]?"

Trump: "I don't know."
 
In a new interview,   talks about why Hillary has everything it takes to be president.
 
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow!  
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment.
It was great spending time with   yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
On   at 7:00 P.M. "Special: Meet the Trumps" Hope you enjoy!
“Si el lugar donde estás no tiene espacio para tu voz, no tengas miedo de crear tu propio espacio”— Hillary en  .
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
Happy Fourth of July! Today let's celebrate the best of America—our freedom, diversity, and the values we share. -H  
"To be great, we can't be small. We have to be as big as the values that define America." —Hillary  
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?
Here's to 240 years of progress.  
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
I look forward to meeting   today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!
Happy 4th of July!        
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
Middle-class Americans thought Trump Institute would help them. In reality, it was yet another giant scam.  
"You have made me a better person and helped me believe I can do anything."  
A message from   on America.
 
Looking forward to hitting the campaign trail together,  .  
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting "go away, no pictures."
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
"THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!"
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
Today's attack in Baghdad is another horrific example of ISIS's savagery. We will defeat them. My prayers are with the victims' families. -H
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
Every American should have the opportunity to live up to their God-given potential.
 
Just watched   and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!
"We join all those around the world in mourning his loss" —Hillary and   on the passing of Elie Wiesel  
We're not going to turn back the clock on progress.  
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!
Just like he shouldn’t have his finger on the nuclear button, Trump shouldn’t have his hands on our economy.  
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
Born July 2, 1951, trans activist Sylvia Rivera was an early LGBT leader whose work paved the way for progress.  
Let's make America a world leader in manufacturing, again.    
Thank you  .    
Thank you for your support!
      
Thank you!    
If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring!   
 
Crooked Hillary -- Makes History! 
     
The company you keep says a lot about you (maybe no one ever told Donald Trump).  
The   to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep &amp; bear Arms shall not be infringed upon.  
     
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
Just read in the failing   that I was not aware "the event had to be held in Cleveland" - a total lie. These people are sick!
When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!      
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
Praying for the safety of the hostages in Bangladesh. To the terrorists: We will never succumb to fear and hate. -H
La evidencia muestra que Trump es un pésimo empresario ¿por qué debemos creer él sabrá manejar la economía del país?  
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado!     
   
You could give a speech to nominate the first woman president at  . Enter now for your chance to win.  
Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!      
"If the space you’re in doesn’t have room for your voice don’t be afraid to carve out a space of your own." —Hillary  
These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here.   
 
Trump Institute taught Donald Trump's real business strategy: cheating innocent Americans out of hard-earned money.  
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father, shot at by a Palestinian terrorist, was killed while:
 
Trump says people should have pride in "Made in the USA" products, but where does he make his?

(Hint: not here.)
 
Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough.  
.  great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
   
 
Our economy is always stronger with a Democrat in the White House.      
Show Hillary she can count on you to stand up to Donald Trump. Chip in now:    
I will be interviewed by   tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
Chip in now if you agree with Hillary and  :    
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The very dishonest  News refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out America. 
 
Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them! 
 
New book by   is absolutely terrific and a must read!  
Pride Month is coming to a close, but our march toward equality continues. Onward.  
If Republicans actually wanted to protect women's health, they'd support Planned Parenthood—not attack it.
 
The story with Hillary will never change.  
Scenes from New York City Pride with Team Hillary.
 
For reasons only they can explain, the   wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
Lucharé junto al pueblo de PR para poner la economía de la Isla de vuelta en un camino de estabilidad y prosperidad.
"I will fight with the people of Puerto Rico to put the island’s economy back on a stable and prosperous path."  
" :     As of April this year, Hillary had spent $264,000,000 on her campaign Mr.Trump $55,000,000. self funding"
We're not going back,  .  
“Donald Trump has a…chance of becoming president."    
I will be on   at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
We should deploy 5G internet to make sure we have the fastest online connections possible.  
Cool ties,  .  
They were made in places like:

Mexico
China
Vietnam
Honduras
Hong Kong
Taiwan
South Korea
Singapore
Bangladesh
Oman  
From Iowa to California, the primary's taken us to nearly every state in the country.  
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
We have an obligation to protect an open internet and defend net neutrality:  
In today's vote on Planned Parenthood, the NH Executive Council can choose families or a political agenda. Watching which side they pick. -H
Two words: free WiFi.

In train stations, airports and other public spaces.  
Will be in Bangor, Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center!    
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!    
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on   - He was great! Thank you John.
Instead of driving up debt and risking another recession, let's make the economy work for everyone. Here's how:  
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
The   must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
"You are strong enough not to let yourself remain a victim." —Hillary  
 
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
" :    thanks for sharing Eric we need   now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe"
Live from Los Angeles: Watch Hillary's town hall with   digital content creators.  →    
"All Americans stand united with the people of Turkey against this campaign of hatred and violence." —Hillary  
New plan: We should let entrepreneurs defer their student loans for up to 3 years →  
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Will
the world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
Pat Summitt's record is legendary. Her work ethic—second to none. We need exactly that kind of commitment to end Alzheimer's. -H
Hillary Clinton’s Presidency would be catastrophic for
the future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It just
never seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here: 
  
   
" : Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube"
" :  WAUnion  _trump     This is why I would think the unions would support   for  "
" _ziffel:   also can't help but notice the stock market's reaction as   was speaking.  "
" a_Graf:      let's get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again - create jobs"
" _sports: Good for   he's smart on business. Maybe If corporations weren't overtaxed they would stay. Voting for  
" : I'll be a guest today on Making Money with   on @ Fox Business 6 PM ET / 3 PM PT Discussing  . Tune in!"
Trump's speaking about outsourcing right now.

Here’s one of his shirts—made in Bangladesh:    
A progressive who gets things done? Make that two.    
It's almost as if Trump only cares about himself.  
Terrorists are taking advantage of the loopholes in our gun laws. Here's how we stop them:  
Donald Trump proves every day that he’s not in it for the American people—he’s in it only for himself.  
Today's   decision upholding reproductive rights is a major victory—but we can't take it for granted.  
"This election is about values, so let's just do a few: Donald vs. Hillary." —   
Thanks to the Children's Health Insurance Program, eight million kids like Kayla are covered. Watch the new ad:
 
It's not complicated: We need our economy to work for everyone, not just the rich or the well-connected.
 
"Here’s what I say to voters who may have doubts: No one will fight harder for you and your families than I will."
"You can’t just talk someone into trusting you. You’ve got to earn it ... I believe what you say matters." —Hillary  
"Every day, Donald Trump proves that he’s not in this for the American people. He’s in it for himself." —Hillary  
"Americans [are] telling us about their struggles…they want to be given a chance, a fighting chance." —Hillary live from Chicago
A great day to hit the campaign trail in Ohio with  .  
"Hillary believes that racism, hatred, injustice, and bigotry have no place in our country." — 
 
We are not going to let Donald Trump bankrupt America the way he bankrupted his casinos.
Imagine Trump sitting in the Oval Office the next time America faces a crisis.

Imagine him in charge, with your job and savings at stake.
Trump rails against other countries and talks about making America great, but his own products are made in places that aren’t named America.
We will fight climate change by making America the clean energy superpower of the 21st century:  
We'll reward companies that share profits with employees and pay a good wage. If they can do it for executives, they can do it for workers.
Let’s make sure that Wall Street and the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes.

Let’s put our families first.
We can’t let the student debt crisis continue.

We’ve got to give hard-working students and families relief.  
It's wrong that millionaires get more tax cuts while families are facing barriers to success.

This election is a chance to make it right.
"She exposes [Trump] for what he is: temperamentally unfit and totally unqualified to be president." —Hillary on  
"She knows what it takes to beat a thin-skinned bully who is driven by greed and hate.” —  on Hillary
"When Donald Trump says he’ll make America great, he means make it even greater for rich guys just like Donald Trump.” — 
Watch live as Hillary takes the stage with   in Ohio:  
This fight isn't over: The next president has to protect women's health. Women won't be "punished" for exercising their basic rights. -H
SCOTUS's decision is a victory for women in Texas and across America. Safe abortion should be a right—not just on paper, but in reality. -H
.  is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage.
“The children’s health program wouldn’t be in existence today if we didn’t have Hillary pushing for it."  
In a volatile world, the last thing we need is a volatile president.
 
Continuemos haciendo historia juntos.
 
Do not throw away your shot. Win tickets to see   with Hillary. Enter here:    
" daSuhler: Trump voters don't scare or back down. Our numbers are growing &amp; we're taking our country BACK.  🇺🇸  
" : "Under a Trump presidency, America will make brilliant new trade deals!" —Donald Trump    "
We can’t stop fighting until all LGBT Americans can live their lives free of prejudice, violence, and hate.  
" : Hillary read "sigh" off the Teleprompter, She's so fake she has to be told how to feel:    
“Mi familia ha estado aquí desde 1731 antes de que fuera los Estados Unidos” —Armandina Sifuentes de Texas.
 
" :      we know they're fake just like poles during primary. I'm sure u will crush   in general"
The "dirty" poll done by     is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good.
Discrimination against LGBT people is all too common—and goes against everything we stand for as a country.  
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own:  
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!
When you're in office Americans count on you for real solutions. You can’t respond with a snarky tweet—you have to actually deliver results.
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
Not even a sit-in in Congress could convince Republican leadership to move forward on gun violence prevention. Americans deserve better.
No person should be gunned down while learning, teaching, praying, or dancing. It's time for us to come together to strengthen our gun laws.
"There are more mass shootings in the United States than any other country in the world...We cannot accept this. Not now—not ever." —Hillary
"We need leaders...who put the interests of the American people ahead of their personal business interests." —Hillary at  
Las personas LGBT merecen vivir, trabajar y amar libres de discriminación y violencia.
 
Happy  !  
One year ago, love triumphed in our highest court. Yet LGBT Americans still face too many barriers. Let's keep marching until they don't. -H
Want to be in the room where it happens? Here's your shot: Win tickets to see   with Hillary:  
Every LGBT American deserves to live, work, and marry free from discrimination or violence.
 
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address:  
The   poll sample is heavy on Democrats.  Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son
One year later (still one of our favorite maps).  
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.  
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
We're going to keep fighting for equality, at home and around the world.
 
To the LGBT community: We're with you.

Love,  .
 
You'll tell the story of your night at   with Hillary. Enter to win here:    
LGBT seniors have seen so much progress, but still face discrimination. This has to change.  
Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us  Turnberry yesterday!        
In some states, LGBT Americans can get married on Saturday and fired on Monday. That's not who we are.  
On the 13th tee box  Scotland with my grand daughter, Kai!    
Arriving  Scotland with   &amp;  . Back to New York tonight. 
Video:  
.  on the time he marched in NYC's gay pride parade with the First Lady of the United States in 2000.
 
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods.  
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love and acceptance—not bullying and violence.  
" :   And we will get it back once we have President Trump! Can't wait!"
" :   What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote TRUMP 2016
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
Good for you, Jensen. Every woman deserves equal pay, no matter what her age. Keep up the hard work—and courage!   -H
Thank you,  , for marking another important milestone on LGBT Americans' march toward equality. -H  
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for... 
New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal &amp; illegal immigrants settled.. 
Hours after the  , Donald Trump was in the U.K.

Talking about how he, personally, would benefit.
 
"This time of uncertainty only underscores the need for calm, steady, experienced leadership in the White House." —Hillary  
Our first task has to be to make sure that the economic uncertainty created by these events does not hurt working families.  
"We respect the choice the people of the United Kingdom have made." —Hillary    
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, &amp; as a people w/a shared history.
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave &amp; brilliant vote.
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership
 
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!
The fate of immigration reform—and millions of undocumented families—is in the hands of the next president.  
...and many of them pay a lower tax rate.  
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
We can’t let   bankrupt America the way he bankrupted his casinos.
 
Women's health is an economic issue: Every woman deserves access to affordable menstrual products. Bravo, New York.  
People in Scotland are not thrilled about Trump coming to their country.

We know the feeling.
 
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton.  
Thank you,  . Your determination has exposed Republican inaction on gun violence and demanded better. We can't give up. -H
Read my full statement here on the Supreme Court's executive amnesty decision   
 
Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. I’m not watching it much anymore.   
CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton, should apologize. They knew they were wrong.   
44 years since   passed, truer than ever: All students deserve equal opportunity, no matter their gender.  
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
On immigration, I’m consulting with our immigration officers
&amp; our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.
Obama &amp; Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, &amp; start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
Hillary Clinton’s open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans.  
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic &amp; African-American workers.
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families
  
 
The Supreme Court's Fisher decision is a win for us all. The doors to higher education should be open to every American, not just some. -H
Desgarradora decisión de   de inmigración podría separar 5 millones de familias en riesgo de deportación. Tenemos que hacer más.
Today's heartbreaking   immigration ruling could tear apart 5 million families facing deportation. We must do better. -H
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama."  --  Donald J. Trump
"Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency."  --   Donald J. Trump
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying."
" : You have great children, future presidents...and we all see were raised right and out there for their father." Thank you.
" : brilliant 3 word response to Hillary's 'I'm With You'  slogan      "
" :   great speech today!! It's all about America and that's why you will become president!!!!"  Thank you.
Proud of 17 years of progress for those with disabilities under the historic   ruling. Let's keep going.  
It’s ridiculous that teachers and nurses have a higher tax rate than many hedge fund managers.  
You*

*offer not valid for Muslims, women, Latinos, African Americans, LGBT Americans, middle-class families ...  
House Republicans may have cut the cameras, but they can't cut off our voices. We have to act on gun violence. -H  
     
No company in America should be able to pay women less for the work they do.  
Instead of pitting people against each other, we need to enlist everyone in building our country together.
We can’t let Trump bankrupt America the way he did his casinos.

We need a new chapter in the American Dream – and it can’t be Chapter 11.
. ’s tax cuts for millionaires &amp; billionaires would add more than $30 trillion to our national debt.  
“Progress is possible … I know Republicans and Democrats can work together, because I’ve done it.” —Hillary  
Families shouldn’t have to spend more than 10% of their income on child care.  
We’ll make companies that ship jobs overseas give back tax breaks they received here at home.
"I will make it a national priority for more companies to share profits with employees. On top of, not instead of, good wages." —Hillary
   
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism.  
We should support our teachers, not scapegoat them.  
Every child should have a path to success:
Pre-K:  
School:  
College:  
We’re going to invest $20 billion specifically to create jobs for young people, especially in communities of color.  
“The heart of my plan will be the biggest investment in American infrastructure in decades.” —Hillary  
Every American willing to work hard should be able to find a job that pays enough to support a family.
Too many corporations seem to have forgotten: It’s wrong to take taxpayer dollars with one hand and give out pink slips with the other.
"As we Methodists like to say: do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can." —Hillary
Live now from North Carolina: Hillary’s plan to make the economy work for everyone. Watch here.  
This is what real leadership looks like.  
FACT: No major company has filed for Chapter 11 more often in the last 30 years than  's casinos.  
" :      .. Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions, great answers" Lou is great
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
"Trump's economic plans would destroy the U.S. economy." — 
 
Hillary took Donald Trump's reckless economic policy to task in Columbus today.

It's worth watching:  
Trump says, “I love playing with debt.” Someone should tell him our economy isn’t a game.  
Donald Trump has no actual plan to create jobs.  
“A proven leader who shares our values." — 

Why labor unions across industries are backing Hillary:  
Trump's plan would cut more taxes for the 120,000 richest families than it would for 120 million working Americans.
 
I will be interviewed by   tonight on   7pm ET
.  has written a lot of books about business, but they all seem to end at Chapter 11.
 
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp; judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
We need to build an economy that ensures everyone gets an equal shot and no one is left behind. Join us:  
In America, we don’t begrudge people being successful – but we know they shouldn’t do it by destroying other people.  
I am "the king of debt."That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S.
"Imagine him being in charge when your jobs and savings are at stake.  Is this who you want leading us in an emergency?” —Hillary on Trump
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T.  They have bankrupted…  
. , only someone who’s never actually faced the consequences of his mistakes would brag, “I play with bankruptcy.”
"The same people [Trump's] trying to get to vote for him now are people he’s been exploiting for years” —Hillary:  
Trump has written a lot of books about business—but they all seem to end at Chapter 11.
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
“The last time we opted for Trump-style isolationism, it made the Great Depression longer and more painful.” —Hillary
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as
Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
"He’s giving more away to the 120,000 richest...families than he would to 120 million hardworking people." —Hillary on Trump's tax plan
Hillary says this election is about judgment.  She's right.  Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
"President Trump" would undo so much of the progress we’ve made over the past 8 years under President Obama.

We can't let that happen.
“The full faith and credit of the United States is not something we can just gamble away.” —Hillary on Trump's reckless economic plan
"He says women will start making equal pay as soon as they do as good a job as men—as if we aren’t already." —Hillary on  
"Donald Trump actually stood on a debate stage in November and said that wages are too high in this country." —Hillary
Donald Trump is proud of his recklessness—that’s his business. But when he’s running for president, it’s ours.
.  declared Donald Trump one of the 10 biggest threats to the global economy.    
.  and   agree: Trump would put us into a deep recession.    
“I’ll admit—it's a little wonky, but...I sweat the specifics because they matter.”    
"If you’re running for president, you should say what you want to do, how you’re going to pay for it, and how you’ll get it done." —Hillary
Our president should fight for families—not just themselves.

Hillary speaks on the economy, live from Ohio:  
Donald Trump's tax plan would add $30 trillion to the national debt over 20 years. That's "trillion"—with a "t."  
What is Trump spending his meager campaign resources on? Why, himself, of course.  
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
"Trump's economic proposals could produce a prolonged recession...and reduce employment by 3.5 million jobs." —   
Trump's gotten rich driving companies into the ground. What will he do to the U.S. economy?

Oh wait—we know:
 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
.  is right—Donald Trump’s worldview doesn't reflect our values, and it’s not who we are.  
It’s time to demand more than thoughts and prayers from our elected officials.      
Enough. -H  
An overwhelming majority of Americans (and gun owners) support steps to reduce gun violence.

RT if you're one of them.  
America has always been a nation of immigrants and refugees. On  , let's reaffirm our commitment to welcoming them. -H
Our prayers are not enough to prevent gun violence.

Tell your senators to vote to expand background checks tonight:  
You inspire me too,  hrisMurphyCT. Let's all demand action on gun violence prevention:    
Tonight, the Senate will vote on commonsense measures to prevent gun violence. Tell your senators you support them:  
This is just common sense. It's time for Congress to act.  
We owe families of gun violence victims more than prayers.

Tell your senators to act on gun violence prevention:  
A behind-the-scenes look at a historic night.    
Happy first day of summer.  
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
Gay rights are human rights and human rights are gay rights. Being LGBT does not make you less human.
 
.  We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
You'll want to read the story behind this photo.    
Shirley was 5 years old when women won the right to vote. Today, she's rooting for the first woman president.  
What a joy being with our new grandson, Aidan. So grateful. -H  
Imagine if this was our president.  
They may be too young to vote, but these supporters are making their voices heard.  
Happy Father's Day,  !  
" : Watch out HillaryClinton 👿 Support   🇺🇸 🇺🇸   🇺🇸  "
Yesterday's failing   fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed!  
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer.  
   
See you soon Arizona!    
I love you Arizona! Thank you!
     
Donald Trump launched his campaign one year ago this week. And what a year it’s been.  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
     
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada!
    
   
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!
“I’m supporting Hillary Clinton because she’s a fighter, a fighter with guts.” —  to the    
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona today at 4pm!        
If your business or organization is hiring and needs someone to get the job done, hire a veteran.
 
On June 18, 1983, Sally Ride became the first American woman and first LGBT astronaut to go to space.  
Thank you Houston, Texas! 
    
 
Gun violence and hate aren't isolated—homophobia in Orlando, racism in Charleston. We need to fight them together.  
Thank you!     
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!   
Thank you- on my way!   
Thank you  !   
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow at 4pm!    
   
In the spirit of the  , let’s bridge our divides, fight for change, and remember that love never fails.  
We can't stop fighting until every LGBT American can live life freely, openly, and without fear.  
One year ago we lost 9 lives in Charleston. 49 in Orlando on Sunday. 26 in Newtown. Too many others. This has to stop. We need to change. -H
You don't have to be LGBT to stand with the LGBT community. We all have a stake in equality. Thank you, Michael.  
THANK YOU!    
Donald Trump says he's "the real friend" of the LGBT community.

Yeah, no.
 
Trump has made a big show of supposedly supporting veterans. In reality, he's done the exact opposite.  
Helpful.  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!
" : The media attack on   is relentless. They are desperate. But, they keep   in the news - a good thing.
Hard to believe it's only been a year since Trump announced his candidacy for president.  
Thank you Dallas, Texas! 
   
Hi.  
"It is cruel and terrible that her life was cut short by a violent act of political intolerance" —Hillary on Jo Cox:  
Thank you,  . Despite our differences, if we stand together, hate can never defeat us.  
.  Thank you. It’s an honor to have the support of someone who's shattered so many glass ceilings.  
Thanks Chris, for showing what leadership looks like. I hope GOP senators take note. Looking forward to the vote. -H  
Houston, TX:
 

Las Vegas, NV
 

Phoenix, AZ:
   
Hillary helped get health care for 8 million kids. One of the first ads of the general election:
 
Join me in Houston, Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets:    
“Hillary Clinton has proven herself as a champion of the labor movement."  
"Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer."    
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS!  
McAllen, Texas- 8 miles from 
U.S. - Mexico border.   
Video:    
One year ago today,   announced his campaign for president.

And what a year it's been.
 
It's absurd that people with suspected terrorist links can buy a gun in America, no questions asked.  
Belgium: Donald Trump's favorite "city."
 
" :   is a Common Sense Conservative! President Trump=Competence, Safety, Unity, &amp; US JOBS, JOBS, JOB.
Thank you,  . Proud to be in this fight with you.  
Trump dijo que el terrorista nació “un afgano” y prohibirá la entrada de musulmanes—pero el terrorista nació en Queens, NY igual que Trump.
I will be interviewed on   at 7:00 P.M.   
An "assault on our values"
A "new low"
"Plays into ISIS's hands"

Newspapers react to Trump's Orlando speech:  
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!
 
Miles de familias están juntas gracias a las acciones de   sobre DACA. Protejamos DACA/DAPA y aprobemos una reforma migratoria.
Join me in Dallas, Texas on Thursday!
    
   
Thank you Atlanta, Georgia! Will be back soon!    
Thousands of families are together thanks to  's action on DACA 4 years ago. We need to protect DACA/DAPA and pass immigration reform.
Some fights are too important to stay silent. Preventing gun violence is one of them. Stand strong  hrisMurphyCT.  
Your   presidential nominee responding to a terrorist attack with lies and conspiracy theories.
 
Donald Trump is an expert at distracting people from the fact that he has nothing substantive to say for himself.  
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump "may have insinuated about  ." But he's right:  
America has always been a country of "we," not "me." And we've always been stronger together.  
Thank you Greensboro, North Carolina! Will be back soon!    
Donald Trump just gave us his "plan" for defeating terrorism—conspiracy theories and self-congratulations.  
A lot of people are saying Donald Trump is a conspiracy theorist...  
We just won Washington, D.C.! Grateful to everyone who voted.  
When   took office,   left him a note that represents the best of our values.
 
For 241 years, brave   soldiers have answered the call to serve and protect our nation. Thank you.    
. : Attacking Muslim Americans is wrong, and it makes it harder for us to defeat terrorism.  
An attack on LGBT Americans is an attack on all Americans.
 
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA:
 

WEDNESDAY! GEORGIA:
 

SATURDAY! NEVADA:
 
RT if you're voting for Hillary today, Washington, D.C. Find your polling location here:    
HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the  ! THANK YOU!  
Today's   decision is a big win for consumers, innovation, and freedom of expression on the internet:  
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
This is one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Not just for those who look or love or worship one way—for all.
We need to work together to keep our country and our citizens safe.

None of this will be helped by anything Trump has to offer.
People can’t board planes with full shampoo bottles—but people being watched by the FBI for terrorism can buy a gun, no questions asked?
We need a Commander-in-Chief who can grapple with our challenges in all their complexity, with real plans that actually address them.
Trump's statements are lies—but he tells them because he has to distract from the fact that he has nothing substantive to say for himself.
"He said I’ll abolish the 2nd Amendment. Wrong. He said I’ll let a flood of refugees into our country without any screening. Also wrong."
Trump's Muslim ban is wrong, dangerous, and in this instance, nonsensical. The terrorist in Orlando was born in Queens—just like Donald.
"If Donald suggests I won’t call this threat what it is, he hasn’t been listening. 

But I will not declare war on an entire religion."
"It matters what we do, not just what we say. It didn’t matter what we called bin Laden—it mattered that we got bin Laden." —Hillary
Americans don’t need conspiracy theories and pathological self-congratulations. We need leadership, common sense, and concrete plans.
Trump's rhetoric is shameful.

It was one thing when he was a reality TV personality. It’s another when he’s running for president.
People of different faiths, backgrounds, sexual orientations, and gender identities are coming together to say: we won’t let hate defeat us.
"I believe that despite those differences of opinion, we’re all on the same team...There’s more that unites us than divides us." —Hillary
"I believe we Americans are capable of protecting Second Amendment rights while making sure guns don’t fall into the wrong hands." —Hillary
Yesterday, Trump spoke about the terrorist attack in Orlando.

Watch live as Hillary responds:  
Gun violence prevention laws might not stop every shooting or terrorist attack—but they will save lives.  
“Un ataque a cualquier estadounidense, es un ataque a todos los estadounidenses” —Hillary tras tragedia en Orlando.  
AMERICA FIRST!
American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
If you’re too dangerous to get on a plane, you're too dangerous to buy a gun in America.  
"I have no doubt we can meet this challenge — if we meet it together."

Hillary's address on the Orlando attack:  
"A nightmare that’s become mind-numbingly familiar." 

Hillary on the deadliest shooting in U.S. history:  
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon!  
Tickets:    
Weapons of war like those used in Orlando and San Bernardino have no place on our streets.
 
Tenemos que unirnos, sentir orgullo juntos. No hay mejor respuesta para los terroristas y a todos aquellos que odian  
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd:  
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd:  
I thought people weren’t celebrating? They were cheering all over, even this savage from Orlando. I was right.  
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby:   
I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is:  
Our diversity isn’t a liability in the fight against terrorism. It’s an asset. It makes us stronger.  
TERRORISM, IMMIGRATION, AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT:    
We have to stand together and be proud together. There is no better rebuke to the terrorists and all those who hate.  
Congratulations to the 2016   Champions, Pittsburgh  !
Our open, diverse society is an asset in the struggle against terrorism, not a liability. It makes us stronger.
We’ve seen too many examples of the struggle to live freely, openly, and without fear being marked by violence. We have to stand together.
"To all the LGBT people grieving today: you have millions of allies who will always have your back. I am one of them." —Hillary
The terrorist in Orlando targeted LGBT Americans out of hatred and bigotry. 

An attack on any American is an attack on all Americans.
Inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror. It’s wrong, and it's dangerous.
Background checks and an assault weapons ban might not stop every attack—but they'll stop some, and save lives. We need to fight for them.
In Orlando and San Bernardino, terrorists used assault weapons like the AR-15 to kill Americans. We should make it harder for them to do so.
If the FBI is watching you for suspected terrorist links, you shouldn’t be able to just go buy a gun with no questions asked.
We need to stop terrorists from getting the weapons they need to carry out attacks.  
"As president, I will make identifying and stopping lone wolves a top priority." —Hillary on her counterterrorism strategy
The murder of innocent people always breaks our hearts, scares us, and makes us furious. Now we have to steel our resolve and respond.
"They were sons and daughters, brothers and sisters, and...they all had a lot more to give." —Hillary on the Orlando victims
Watch live: Hillary speaks on the terrorist attack in Orlando →  
I am watching   and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and  , and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M.
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
"We cannot demonize, demagogue, and declare war on an entire religion...Hate is not the answer to hate." —Hillary
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
Declaraciones de Hillary Clinton sobre el ataque en Orlando.  
"This is a time to stand together and resolve to do everything we can to defend our communities and country." —Hillary on the attack in FL
"We need to keep guns like the ones used last night out of the hands of terrorists or other violent criminals." —Hillary on the FL attack
"To the LGBT community: please know that you have millions of allies across our country. I am one of them.” —Hillary  
" :   Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble.
"This was an act of terror. ... This was also an act of hate." —Hillary on the attack in Orlando  
"I join Americans in praying for the victims of the attack in Orlando." 

Hillary's statement:  
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted "Allah hu Akbar!" as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade.
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart!
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart &amp; vigilant?
Desperté con la devastadora noticia de FL. Mientras esperamos más información,mis pensamientos están con los afectados de este horrible acto
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Woke up to hear the devastating news from FL. As we wait for more information, my thoughts are with those affected by this horrific act. -H
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Donald Trump considers his shuttered casinos a success because HE made millions.

A man who thinks that way has no business being president.
When Trump's casinos failed, he hurt a whole universe of small businesses that never got paid what they were owed.  
When Trump had to make an $18 million interest payment, his dad had to bail him out by buying $3 million in chips:  
During a decade when other casinos in Atlantic City thrived, Trump's posted huge losses:    
Trump the businessman? A total failure. He bankrupted his Atlantic City casinos (but pocketed millions for himself):  
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly.  
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro, North Carolina!      
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! Will be back soon!    
"Sec. Clinton will be the strong environmental champion that we need to lead our country."  
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!    
Thank you Tampa, Florida!
     
When Trump goes off his staff's script he insults anyone who challenges him. Judge for his heritage, senator for hers. Rs should disavow. -H
Sad case-   did article saying I don't pay bills- false, only don't pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!
Trump University: Pad Donald's pockets and put your own finances at risk—all for the low price of $35,000!
 
.  is temperamentally unfit to be president and Commander-in-Chief.
 
In Tampa, Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to  !  
Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Thank you Richmond, Virginia! 
   
Lights, camera, history.
 
A man with this much contempt and disrespect for women has no business becoming president.  
.  says he’ll be “the best for women.”

Don't think so.  
"I am the least racist person that you’ve ever encountered." —     
"She’s a fighter. She’s out there. She’s tough." —  on Hillary:    
Thank you   Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.
     
Trump can’t say he treats women with respect.

(For once, he’s right.)
 
Heading to Richmond, Virginia now. Join me tonight!  
Tickets:  
Thanks,   Biden! Your support is a BIG… deal. -H  
     
“Ella tiene la valentía, la compasión y el corazón para realizar el trabajo”. Mira el mensaje del presidente Obama.
 
We’re not just going to break the glass ceiling. We’re going to break down all the barriers that hold back women and their families.
Trump has called women “pigs,” “dogs,” and “disgusting animals.”

We can't even count on him to respect women—much less protect our rights.
Trump says he'd be "the best for women."

Anyone who'd defund   and wipe out safe, legal abortion has no idea what’s best for women.
Laws that restrict access to abortion don’t make women less likely to seek it—they just make women less safe.  
Defending women’s health means defending access to safe, legal abortion for all who need it—not just women who can afford it.
The Hyde Amendment restricts the reproductive rights of low-income women—disproportionately women of color. We need to repeal it now.
Ever notice the politicians who oppose birth control and abortion also oppose policies that make it easier to raise a child—like paid leave?
“Being able to plan their families not only saved women’s lives—it also transformed them.” —Hillary to  
"Today, I want to start by saying something you don’t hear often enough: Thank you.” —Hillary to Planned Parenthood
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!
 
2004 VIDEO:
Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change!   
 
.  to  : Donald Trump cannot be the one who leads the United States of America.
 
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
"Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOP
Legacy Of Leading On Women’s, Civil Rights Against Racist, Sexist Democrats" 
 
We're hiring across the country to bring home a win in November. Apply to join our team:  
 
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!
“I’m ready to jump in this fight and make sure that Hillary Clinton is the next president" — :  
Thank you,  .  
Join me! 
6/10: Richmond, VA - 8pm
6/11: Tampa, FL - 11am
6/11: Pittsburgh, PA - 3pm
6/13: Portsmouth, NH - 2:30pm
 
" :  RECORD 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign. You will be a great POTUS &amp;  "
" : . : "Never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by  ."  
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice.
Proud to have the support of  —a woman who is Trump's exact opposite: honest, decent, and deeply concerned for working families. -H
Thanks, Obama.  
.  endorsing Hillary on  : "She's a fighter."
 
" : Trump's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes - A Record ... Congratulations    "
Join me!  

6/10: Richmond
 

6/11: Tampa
 

6/11: Pittsburgh
 
Trump "doesn’t care who gets hurt as long as he makes a profit off it. That cannot be the person who leads the United States" — 
“I’m supporting Hillary Clinton because she’s a fighter, a fighter with guts” —    
"When we come together...we won’t just win in November—we’ll build on the progress we’ve made." —   
"I know how hard this job can be. That’s why I know Hillary will be so good at it." — 
 
Honored to have your support.  
"I’ve seen her judgment, toughness, and commitment to our values up close. ... I'm with her." —   
"Our elections should be shaped by voters' voices—not bought and sold by corporations &amp; special interests" —Hillary:  
"On virtually every issue, Secretary Clinton stands with working Americans and their families." —   
Thank you Roseanne, very much appreciated.  
El presidente Obama anuncia su apoyo para Hillary Clinton. "Nunca ha habido alguien tan calificado para la presidencia".
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted?  
"I know how hard this job can be. That’s why I know she’ll be so good at it." —   
A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv: 
 
"I’m with her, I’m fired up, and I can’t wait to get out there and campaign for Hillary." —   
Delete your account.  
"She’s got the courage, the compassion, and the heart to get the job done."

Watch President Obama endorse Hillary.
 
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!
Honored to have you with me,  . I'm fired up and ready to go! -H
President Obama endorses Hillary: "I don’t think there’s ever been someone so qualified to hold this office."  
This Oakland entrepreneur is doing more than running a small business—he's changing lives.
 
History &gt; bedtime.  
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
Donald Trump's School of Philanthropy:
1. Pledge money to causes
2. Do nothing
3. Cut a check only if you get caught
 
As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!
“It’s a simple but powerful idea: We believe that we are stronger together.” —Hillary  
" :   please Mr.Trump make   your VP. He is a perfect running mate."  He is a great guy!
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me.
A note from Hillary.  
" : JohnKasich, the VOTERS have spoken.We want  . You AGREED to support NOMINEE. Get on board or leave  "
" _Dangler:   You will be the greatest president the world has ever seen"  Thanks.
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!
" :   Congratulations Mr. Trump."  Thank you!
" : Senator Sanders spent more than   yet lost."
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
    
 
A headline 227 years in the making.    
History.    
Front pages from around the country on a big day.    
If Hillary could go back in time and tell anyone she'd been nominated for president, it would be her mom.  
Let’s keep making history, together.
 
Thank you, California!  
" :   Why     WHERE IS THE REPORTING   &lt;MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF USA"
" :  HISTORIC!! what's historic is OUR national debt, record unemployment, &amp;pocketbook crisis!THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA RICH!"
" _wejesa:   Great speach!!!!!!!"  Thanks!
" : .   doing   on  AndMike is awesome. "Number one presidency of all time"
" : Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you"
Nobody is watching  _Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
" :   fans, greatest way to get even with her Highness - vote for  , at least you'll have a job.
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
" : Gee ... Does this make   right one more time?  "
" _Thunder: Standing by   all the way to the White House!  "
Don’t let anyone tell you that great things can’t happen in America.  
Thank you California!   
   
Don’t let anyone tell you great things can’t happen in America. Barriers can come down. Justice &amp; equality can win.
 
Thank you New Mexico!  
   
Thank you South Dakota!   
   
Thank you New Jersey!  
   
Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you're proud to be by her side all the way to the White House.  
Thank you Montana!  
   
Thank you.  
We made history tonight—but we have more work to do. Chip in if you've got Hillary's back:  
"This campaign is about making sure there are no ceilings—no limits—on any of us." —Hillary    
Wish Mom could have been here to see tonight.  
"On the very day Mom was being born in Chicago, Congress was passing the 19th Amendment to the Constitution—giving women the right to vote."
"We are stronger when we respect each other, listen to each other, and act with a sense of common purpose." —Hillary
This election isn’t about the same old fights between Democrats and Republicans—it’s about who we are as Americans.  
We should lift each other up—not tear each other down. To be great, we can’t be small. We have to be as big as the values that define us.
Unity is better than division, empowerment is better than resentment, and bridges are better than walls.  
“Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president and Commander-in-Chief.” —Hillary
It’s a simple but powerful idea. 

We are fairer together. 

We are better together. 

We are stronger together.  
"Whether you supported me in this primary, or Senator Sanders, we all need to keep working toward that better, fairer, stronger America."
"As your president, I will always have your back." —Hillary
We reached this moment thanks to the struggle and sacrifice of generations of women and men before us.
For the first time in our history, a woman will be a major party’s nominee for President of the United States.  
Watch live as Hillary takes the stage in Brooklyn →  
Ready.  
Thanks to you, we made history tonight. Celebrate with a free magnet:  
Tonight's only possible because millions of organizers, volunteers, and donors fought for this campaign. Thank you.  
Tonight, we can say with pride that, in America, there is no barrier too great and no ceiling too high to break.  
To every little girl who dreams big: Yes, you can be anything you want—even president. Tonight is for you. -H  
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
I will be interviewed tonight on   - Enjoy!  10:00 P.M.
Let's build an America that respects and embraces the potential of every last one of us.
 
Thank you! Together we will  !  
"Although we weren't able to shatter that highest, hardest glass ceiling...it's got about 18 million cracks in it."
 
Eight years ago today.  
Hoy es tu día de votar por Hillary. RT esto y déjale saber a tus amigos:    
CA, MT, NJ, NM, ND, and SD, it's your day to head to the polls. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary.  
RT if you're ready to make history.  
Estamos al borde de un momento histórico, pero todavía tenemos trabajo que hacer. 

Sigamos luchando por cada voto:  
Happy birthday to a friend and mentor, Marian Wright Edelman. Your example of service inspires us all.  
In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
To everyone who's worked so hard, thank you. Let's go win this thing.  
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
Let's finish this primary strong and head into the general election together:  
We are on the brink of a historic moment, but we still have work to do.

Let's keep fighting for every vote:  
We’re flattered,  , but we've got primaries to win. CA, MT, NM, ND, NJ, SD, vote tomorrow!  
Trump is intensifying his bigoted attacks on Judge Curiel's Latino heritage—and belittling his staff in the process:  
Recuerda apoyar a Hillary mañana con tu voto. RT esto y déjale saber a tus amigos: 
   
See, when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection, they made the change without giving me credit. 
There's only one candidate who can step into the Oval Office and lead on day one.  
 
"Nobody's going to be left in this country that he's exempted from insults." —Hillary on Trump in California:  
33,000 people die from gun violence each year.
 
We can save a lot of these lives.
 
"Hillary Clinton is the better candidate to take on Trump" —   
72 years after  , let's not just eulogize the brave men who gave their lives. Let's honor them by defending the values they fought for.
Thank you Diamond and Silk!  
Donald Trump should come out of the towers he names after himself and actually talk and listen to people.  
Remembering the fallen heroes on   - June 6, 1944.  
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish  , so too should our country. We can be great!
. 's bigoted comments about a Latino judge are so disgusting, even other Republicans are offended.
 
People like   report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!
We just won Puerto Rico! ¡Gracias a la Isla del Encanto por esta victoria!  
"We must stand against hate wherever it rears its ugly head." —Hillary in 2000
 
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
I am watching   very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as  , is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
As we begin Ramadan, I wish all Muslims a blessed time of reflection, family, and good health. Ramadan Mubarak. -H
The president's job is to take care of our men and women in uniform—while they serve and when they come home.  
A preview of President   that proves we can’t let him anywhere near the Situation Room.  
Urnas en Puerto Rico cierran a las 3pm. Si llegas a la fila en o antes de las 3pm tienes el derecho a votar. No te salgas.
"Two years ago, my son was killed by a mass shooter. I’ve never spoken about it publicly until now." —Caryn Michaels  
¡Puerto Rico! Hoy es tu día de ir a votar por Hillary. Comparte esto y déjale saber a tus amigos:  .  
These California ESL students are using Hillary's 1995 speech in Beijing to learn English.
 
" :  Our ineffective   has to make a speech in   to make everything look great. Mr. Trump  "
It'd be all too easy for Trump to roll back the progress we've made on LGBT rights. We can't give him the chance.  
Increíble.
 
It's time to judge Donald Trump by his words and his deeds. And they make him unfit to be President of the United States.
In America, it doesn’t matter where your parents were born or what color your skin is. We should be judged by words and deeds—not our race.
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales, so many people feel this way. 
 
Donald Trump’s not just wrong about Judge Curiel—he’s wrong about America. He’s wrong about what makes this country great.
"Judge Curiel is as much of an American as I am, and he's as much of an American as Donald Trump is." —Hillary
Trump said the judge presiding over a lawsuit against Trump U. should be disqualified from his job because of his “Mexican heritage.”
Muhammad Ali really was The Greatest—unmatched not just in power and skill, but also in courage and conscience. Thinking of his family. -H
This week, we saw the REAL  . Which story appalled you the most?
Lying about veterans, his business, and his own words—and that wasn't even the worst thing Trump said this week.  
El emocionante momento cuando   pudo votar por primera vez. ¡Felicitaciones!
 
. : HFA staffer. DREAMer. U.S. citizen. 

First time voter.
 
Muslims and Mexican immigrants serve with distinction in the U.S. military. Trump could learn something about being an American from them.
Trump no tiene el derecho de definir quién es y no es parte de este país. Nos definen los valores—no la intolerancia.
America is a country of diverse beliefs and heritages. That makes us strong, regardless of what Donald thinks.
 
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
" _Vito_08: Thank You Mr. Trump for Standing up for Our Country!  2016 JOIN ME ON THE  🚂  "
" : Here’s The HILLARY UNIVERSITY Scandal No One In The Media Is Talking About    "
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
When Trump insults Muslims or immigrants, he should remember that Muslims and immigrants serve in our armed forces.  
. 's "ideas" are really just a series of bizarre rants, personal feuds, and outright lies.  
Thank you Redding, California!
     
Q: "Saying [a judge] can't do his job because of his race—is that not the definition of racism?"
Trump: "No."  
Trump is attacking a judge based on his heritage because Trump thinks *he's* the victim of bias here.  
It’s not hard to imagine   leading us into a war just because somebody got under his very thin skin.  
. : "She's not caricaturing Donald Trump...she's just quoting him directly, and that's deadly."
 
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile.
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event  Turnberry- taking place on June 24th.
Hillary schooled Donald Trump on foreign policy yesterday. Miss the speech? Catch up on some of the highlights:  
No, Donald. Esto no es un “conflicto de interés”—el problema eres tú.  
Every time Trump loses his temper, imagine him in the Situation Room making life-or-death decisions on our behalf.
 
We can never let Republicans cut or privatize Social Security—we should protect and expand it. Thanks,  .  
"I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic, I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100% behind Trump."
 
We will never be silenced or intimidated by the gun lobby. Honored to have   &amp;  's support. -H  
You literally said all those things.    
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
I don't watch or do  _Joe anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!
Donald Trump's foreign policy team: one "very good brain" with very thin skin.
 
" : Yes! Hubby and I voted 4   already!  " Thank you.
" : I think the first female president of the USA will be   a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!"
" : This is rich coming from her. She tweeted you will be president!      "
" : Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Who's the one who killed 4 Americans in Benghazi?   "
" rz4basball:      Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump! They know he will be good for them too."
Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After  Scotland, I will visit  Doonbeg in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
After  Turnberry I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club,  Scotland.
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated  Turnberry Resort, the worlds best.
Join me in Redding, California- tomorrow at 1:00pm.  
Tickets:  
Recordatorio para Mr. Trump.  
Some of the (many, many) reasons Donald Trump isn't fit to be Commander-in-Chief.  
. _Gulbis- Thank you for the nice piece in   /  _com.
Keep up the great work!  
Donald Trump's foreign policy is already making Americans less safe, and he's not even president (yet).
 
Abusive payday lenders have preyed on Americans for too long.  's new rule will protect families; the next president should do the same.
✔ Supports nuclear proliferation
✔ Alienates our allies
✔ Cozies up to dictators

Trump's foreign policy is...chaos.  
" :   Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time." THANK YOU!
" :   she's a criminal and you're the only person that can stop her."
" : THIS IS  'S LEGACY! AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER!!! WE NEED   NOW!!      
" _SA_BD:   A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country."
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
If we aren't doing everything we can to prevent  , then we're not doing nearly enough.  
What happens to the moral example we set—for the world and for our own children—if our president engages in bigotry?
 
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Donald Trump is not someone who should ever have the nuclear codes.
 
Don’t let anyone tell you that America isn’t great. Donald Trump’s got America all wrong.
Imagine if he had not just his Twitter account at his disposal when he’s angry, but America’s entire arsenal.  
The tools Donald Trump brings to the table—bragging, mocking, composing nasty tweets—won’t do the trick.
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
America’s network of allies is part of what makes us exceptional. And our allies deliver for us every day.
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
We’re not a country that cowers behind walls. We lead with purpose, and we prevail.  
We cannot put the security of our children and grandchildren in Donald Trump’s hands. We cannot let him roll the dice with America.
Trump isn’t just incoherent; he’s dangerous. He’s not just unprepared; he’s temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.
Watch now: Hillary on why America—and the world—can't afford Trump as Commander-in-Chief →    
There's only one word for Trump's approach to foreign policy and national security: chaos.
 
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres.
"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we've had." –   
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case!
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Join me in San Jose, California- tonight!
   
Tickets:    
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?
Do you ever notice that   gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
“It’s O.K., just max out your credit card." —Trump University on how to pay for classes  
" :   I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent  ! We represent  !  
" :         Not for slackers! Happy w/courses I took." Thanks.
Thank you Sacramento, California!    
Here's what you need to know about Trump's "university."  
What the movement for LGBT equality has taught us: with courage and love, there's nothing we can't do. Happy Pride Month. Let's fight on.
Same failing   "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
Trump University was a vehicle for   to exploit vulnerable Americans for his own gain.
 
Trump University students entrusted Trump with their futures, and he scammed them.

He'd do the same to our country.  
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
Trump himself is a fraud.

He's trying to scam America the way he scammed all those people at Trump University.
 
Join me in San Jose, California- tomorrow evening at 7pm! 
   
   
FACT: Trump University identified those most vulnerable and then targeted them with predatory marketing tactics.  
The Trump University con says a lot about Trump. If you can't trust him with your personal finances—how can we trust him with our country?
Trump's candidacy is built on his business "credibility." But his business record matches his character: His only concern is his own profit.
It's one thing to sell steaks using a name as a marketing ploy. Trump's company intentionally put people at risk.  
Trump University employed instructors with no experience and lied to sell outrageously expensive packages. In a word: fraud.
Another Trump University practice, according to its own employees: target struggling families to fleece them.  
Some of Trump University's tactics: push people to take on debt, cash out retirement, max out credit cards—whatever it took to buy classes.
The gist: Trump's for-profit university deceived &amp; exploited students to take their money.

And he has the gall to call the media "sleazy."
New documents confirm Trump "University" was a scam that preyed on families to make money. Caution—may cause nausea.  
Trump University's own employees described it as a "scam.”    
Trump University was a fraudulent scheme used to prey upon those who could least afford it.    
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
"Hillary Clinton, with her long experience ... will be prepared to lead our country on day one." — :  
You never know what you'll see at a Hillary rally.
 
Taking care of our veterans is part of our solemn duty as Americans:    
Congratulations to   on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
I will be interviewed on   tonight at 10pmE on  . Enjoy!
First: the  .
Now:  .

Here's why Californians are voting for Hillary on June 7.
 
Join me in Sacramento, California-tomorrow evening @ 7pm!  
   
"The future is at stake. And that’s why we’re with her." — _AF on its first-ever presidential endorsement  
Aspiring Commander-in-Chief   has some ideas about prisoners of war. (He’s not a big fan).
 
Our service members and their families deserve more than empty words. Let's give them the support they need:  
“I like people that weren’t captured, ok?”

Trump has something to say about prisoners of war.
 
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!
"I want to be sure that it is Hillary Clinton who takes the oath of office, not Donald Trump." —  :  
.  doesn't like prisoners of war—but he wants to be your Commander-in-Chief.
 
Millions around the world are forced into human trafficking. We can't rest until they're free.    
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today, Trump Tower!
10 never-before-seen photos of Hillary from the trail in 1992.  
Not only does Trump deny climate change, he's now denying that the drought in California is even happening. What?  
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me.
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record
Gold Star families like Betsy’s have paid the ultimate price for our freedom. They deserve our eternal thanks.
 
Our fallen heroes deserve our profound gratitude for giving their lives to protect our freedom, today and every day.   -H
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
" DFW: Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering    "
" : how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east."
" : Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally   STRONG  " So true, and remember the M.I.A.'s!
" : Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder Rally  " A great day in D.C.!
" :   "Illegals are taken care of better than our veterans."     "
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
The Adoption and Safe Families Act helped thousands of kids find loving families—including this one.  
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!
The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP can't control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, R's!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
El mantra de Trump: Beneficiarse sin importar a los demás.  
Our most important task is making sure we give our kids a better life. That's the promise of America.  
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Watch Hillary wonk out with a nurse in New Jersey over solving one of the world's most serious problems.
 
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Disgusting.  
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost.  
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
I am always on the front page of the failing  , but when I won the GOP nomination, I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez!
The failing   wrote a story about my management style &amp; that I don't have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800- &amp; I'm beating her.
Some on the other side may say our best days are behind us. Let's prove them wrong.  
"Pregnancy is...certainly an inconvenience for a business." —Donald Trump

Here's Hillary's take →
 
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
Great rally in Fresno, California- great crowd! Thank you!    
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts:
 
. - Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Thank you  - many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
Donald Trump thinks workplace pregnancy is an "inconvenience" to businesses.

(He could be your next president.)  
Wow- 25,000 in San Diego, California!
Thank you!!    
I am on   tonight, a big special.    at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!
From ripping off veterans to demeaning women, Trump spent the week insulting just about everyone:  
Donald Trump thinks climate change is a “hoax.”

President Trump would destroy our ability to combat it.
 
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on   tonight-   at 8pmE. Watch it, should be good!  
$25 billion could pay for:

1,500 new schools.
Clean energy to power 5 million homes.

or...

Trump's wall:  
1 de cada 4 personas en Puerto Rico podría contraer el Zika este año. Esto es lo que
podemos hacer para combatirlo.  
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN
   
   
The first in a new series: a message from your potential next president—on pregnancy.
 
Poll data shows that   does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
"I don't think a nation can be great that turns its back on the poor and the unfortunate." —Hillary in 1994  
 
What we need: bridges, schools, a clean energy grid.

What Trump wants: a wall.    
Couldn't agree more.  
Today we, together, won the Republican Nomination for President!  
My wife  , and my children will be featured on   with  - 7pmE. Enjoy!
   
Celebrating 1237!   
 
Thank you!  
 
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
Born on this day in 1951, Dr. Sally Ride was the first American woman &amp; first LGBT astronaut in space.    
La única forma de enfrentar a un "bully" es uniéndonos. Nosotros somos los únicos que podemos detener que Trump llegue a la Casa Blanca.
Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs.   for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten.  
“Now we know what a ‘good result’ is to Donald Trump—he gets his, and you get hurt.” —Hillary
“Donald Trump said profiting off working families getting kicked out of their homes &amp; losing their jobs would be a ‘good result.’” —Hillary
“We’ve got to do more to raise families’ incomes.
 
We can start by raising the federal minimum wage.” —Hillary  
Happening now: Watch Hillary speak at the   conference in Las Vegas →    
→    
. - just watched you on  - thank you!
When the economy crashed, families saw their homes foreclosed and savings disappear. 

Trump saw a chance to profit.  
There’s nothing more important than protecting our kids. If we fail at that, it doesn’t matter what we get right.  
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
El muro de Trump en la frontera costaría al menos unos $25 mil millones. Lo que podríamos hacer en lugar de su plan.  
. , trying to profit off people losing their homes isn't the "kind of thinking our country needs."
 
So,  's wall would cost $25 billion.
 
Here's what else we could do with that money.
 
With the money Trump would waste on his wall, we could help a lot of families by building infrastructure we need.  
Thank you Anaheim, California!
   
Donald Trump is fueling conspiracy theories out on the campaign trail. Can you imagine that in the Situation Room?  
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love—not harmful "conversion therapy." Thanks  .  
The   business model: exploit anyone or anything he can to turn a quick buck.  
Excited to be back with a good friend. Watch   today at 4 pm ET.  
Trump's wall on the border would likely cost at least $25 billion. 

Some things we could do instead:  
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
We have to build on the Affordable Care Act and continue our march toward making sure every single American has health coverage.
Donald Trump doesn't seem to actually care about making America great so much as he seems to care about making himself look great.
We’re stronger together. When we embrace immigrants, not denigrate them. When we build bridges, not walls.
Donald Trump has spent his career looking to turn a profit, no matter who gets hurt in the process.  
Mientras 5 millones de personas perdían sus hogares, Trump esperaba enriquecerse de este desplome a costa de ellos.
 
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Millions of families saw their life savings destroyed in the Great Recession.

Trump saw it as a chance to cash in.  
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren   has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!
   Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!
" :  Washington, BIG Thank You for supporting Trump! We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again! Trump2016!"
" :   high energy!"
" : Great speech tonight Mr.Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you.
" :   congratulations from India"
" :   UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CAN'T STOP THE   🚂  "
" :    "
" :   Great job! Make America Great Again!"
  Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
Thank you Washington!  
   
.  rooted for the housing crash that caused 5 million Americans to lose their homes.  
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of  . Really nice!  
After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldn't believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
Big win for those who think we should make it easier, not harder, to vote (which really should be all of us).   -H
Hillary's live on  's Facebook page! Watch now:    
In Trump’s world, a “good result” means Trump gets his and working families get hurt. We're better than that.
Trying to profit off of people losing their homes isn't the "kind of thinking our country needs."  
Thank you  - for setting the failing   story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written! 
 
We need a president who's fighting to raise incomes for all Americans, not one who tries to profit at their expense.  
Donald Trump could bankrupt America like he bankrupted his companies. Let's make sure he never gets the chance:  
Trump prioritizing his own gain over Americans' well-being isn't new, but it is telling: The only person he'll fight for is himself.
This wasn't an anomaly for Trump. His economic plan helps millionaires and hurts middle-class families. He'd let Wall Street run wild again.
How cruel do you have to be to actually root for a crisis that would devastate millions of families, all to pad your own pockets?
Millions of families—disproportionately black and Latino families—lost homes, jobs, and savings.

Trump tried to profit at their expense.
Right before the housing market crashed,   said he hoped it would happen—because he could make money off of it.
When Trump got his wish for a housing crash, millions of Americans lost their homes.

This guy can't be president.  
A suggestion for the dishonest media-  
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by    
The 2008 crash caused millions of Americans to lose their jobs and homes.

In 2006, Trump rooted for it to happen.  
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her.  _Klein  
Millions of Americans lost jobs and homes in the 2008 crash. A man who hoped for it has no business being president.
 
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!
There's so much more that unites us than divides us. It's time to come together to stop Donald Trump.  
Join me in California or Montana!
5/25/16: Anaheim, California
 
5/26/16: Billings, Montana
 
I will be interviewed on   at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
We can't defeat ISIS with bigotry and bluster.  
A Donald Trump presidency would pull us backward on nearly every issue we care about.

We can't let that happen.
 
"The lesson of our history, through good times and hard times, is that we’re stronger together." —Hillary  
“The only thing standing between Donald Trump and the Oval Office is all of us.” —Hillary
"If fighting for equal pay, paid family leave, and affordable child care is playing the 'woman card,' then deal me in" —Hillary to the  
Donald Trump thinks Americans are being paid too much and has hired union-busting firms to break up organizing campaigns on his properties.
The labor movement pioneered the basic bargain that made America great: If you work hard and do your part, you should be able to get ahead.
"You are often unsung heroes. And I want you to know this: Your fights are my fights." —Hillary to   members in Detroit
Tune in to watch Hillary address the 2016   International Convention.    
Obama’s VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measure
wait times. Hillary says VA problems are not ‘widespread.’ I will take care of
our vets!
  Nobody knows better than unions that we’re stronger together. Honored to join you all in the fight for working families.
Is Hillary really protecting women?  
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Unions helped build the middle class, so when Republicans attack unions, they're attacking millions of Americans.  
"She taught me resilience, courage, and the power of love and kindness." —Hillary on her mom
 
Thank you America!    
There are too many parents across the country with stories like this one.
 
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Education should be about building a brighter future, not a lifetime of debt.  
Join me on Wednesday, May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center!
    
Tickets:    
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We can’t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?
“Mentiroso", "fraude", “xenófobo" y otras cosas que líderes republicanos dicen sobre Trump.  
Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, for as long as you can.  
Why do the networks continue to put dopey   on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
" : I trust   more anyone ever to protect America.He WILL do the right thing for the U.S.A, without a  doubt.
"Unlike Donald Trump, I will not pander to the gun lobby. We will not be silenced and we will not be intimidated." —Hillary
"I believe we have a moral obligation…to stand up against systematic racism." —Hillary at the   dinner
These moms want to make sure no other family has to lose a child to senseless violence.  
We can't accept this as "normal."    
Para muchos, los ingresos ya no rinden tanto como antes.  
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes!    
This week, Donald Trump proved just how dangerous he'd be as president.  
Donald Trump is questioning Hillary's qualifications to be president. Let's dig into that.
 
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
.  is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!
" : Hillary wants to rip the guns out of America's hands. No guns = no protection. Get on   &amp; join   to stop her."
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
Too many moms have to go back to work too soon after giving birth.
 
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Hillary Clinton tiene un plan para que todos puedan salir adelante.  
Thank you   for the wonderful statement that "the new par 3 9th hole   Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain."
Republican lawmakers in Oklahoma voted to make it a felony to perform an abortion:  
   Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!
" :  Turnberry Best Links Course in Britain. Ailsa Course opens June '16 Can't wait to play it  "
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today  . It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint!  
Hillary nerds out with a nurse in New Jersey.  
 
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre, Chris Cox &amp; the  ! 
     
The United States presidency requires steadiness as well as strength and smarts.

Donald Trump is not qualified.  
You're wrong,  . We can uphold Second Amendment rights while preventing senseless gun violence.  
Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the  - prior to  convention!       
Congratulations on becoming a U.S. citizen, Alicia. Enjoy casting that vote. 
 
We need a president who will unite leaders around the world to defeat ISIS, not one who insults and alienates them.  
Dear Congress,

Let's get this done.

Thanks,

The vast majority of Americans  
Failing   will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
Thanks  ! 
"Trump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertaining&amp;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen."
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the   at a private event.   cc:    
I am on my way! See you all soon!  
"A Call for Unity" by Jason Greenblatt    
Is Hillary qualified to be president?

Take this helpful quiz to find out:  
An estimated 1 in 4 people in Puerto Rico could get Zika this year.

Here's what we can do to combat this threat:  
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing!
A candidate who roots for his own gain at the expense of American families isn't just heartless. He's disqualified.  
Donald Trump's plan to ban Muslims from entering the United States will make defeating terrorists more difficult.
 
"Investing in the health and education of women...is essential to improving global prosperity." —Hillary  
 
If you cite supporting torture and hosting pageants as foreign policy "qualifications," your definition needs work.  
Un recordatorio importante.  
The safety of our kids is more important than the interests of the NRA. Our leaders should act like it.  
El voto del Senado hoy sobre Zika es un paso importante para combatirlo—pero no es suficiente. Los republicanos deberían aprobar presupuesto
Thank you  . We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!
 
Question: "Do you think Donald Trump is qualified to be president?"

"No, I do not." —Hillary
 
"Everybody gets knocked down in life. The real test is whether you get back up, dust yourself off, and keep going." —Hillary
"Trump took out a field that couldn’t criticize him on issues because they fundamentally agreed with him." —Hillary on the GOP primary
“I’m going after him exactly on those issues and statements that are divisive and dangerous.” —Hillary on  
"The threat that Donald Trump poses is so dramatic to our country, to our democracy." —Hillary on  
"I know how hard this job is. You need steadiness as well as strength and smarts... Donald Trump is not qualified." —Hillary on  
"When you run for president of the United States, the entire world is watching.” —Hillary on  's dangerous rhetoric
"Do you think Donald Trump is qualified to be president?" — hrisCuomo

"No, I do not." —Hillary
"It sends a message of disrespect and makes the situation inside those countries more difficult." —Hillary on Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric
"We have to put everything we can toward the goal of defeating ISIS, protecting ourselves, our friends, and our partners." —Hillary on  
We can't sit by while extreme politicians attack women's basic rights. Not only is this unconstitutional—it's wrong.  
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the   as a disgusting fraud?  Thank you Rowanne.
Today's Senate vote is a necessary step to combat the spread of Zika—but it's not enough. Republicans in Congress should fully fund this. -H
Donald Trump named 11 judges he would consider nominating to the Supreme Court.

Here's what's at stake.  
"Speaking is hard for me, but come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President." — 
 
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
Some low-life journalist claims that I "made a pass" at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the   story which has become a joke!
… y solo es miércoles.  
Two Kentucky churches came together for a special service.
 
(It's only Wednesday.)  
   
   
Los trabajadores no han recibido un aumento en años—Hillary tiene un plan para subir los salarios.  
America has always been about working together to get things done.  
The first openly gay leader of a U.S. military branch—a milestone we can all be proud of. Congrats,  .   
.  doesn't want you to see what's in his tax returns. Wonder why that could be?
 
Thank you,  , for making sure millions of Americans receive the overtime pay they deserve. -H  
Thank you Louisiana!    
Thank you Arizona! See you soon!
   
Why did Clinton supporter   declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?
Let's make it easier to raise a family in America.    
It's middle-class families that need a raise—not millionaires and billionaires.  
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Paul Begala, the dopey   flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
" :   Trump for President! Bernie is a joke, knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterday's and today's nightmare"
Thanks for having our back, Kentucky.  
" :  The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for  ."
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
Thank you Oregon!   
   
Hillary just won Kentucky, but this election is just getting started. Chip in now if you've got her back:  
" : Hillary Just Handed   a Huge Gift: Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy!  !
" : No way I believe Trump at 70% disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. At least 1/2 women. MSM LIES  "
We just won Kentucky! Thanks to everyone who turned out. We’re always stronger united.    
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited   hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
" _favreau:     He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump 2016"
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
I can't believe that   would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
" OWBOYSFORTRUMP:  hristiChat     That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president
Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how "THE MOVEMENT" does in Oregon tonight!
Will go back on for a final question now!
" :   Amazing job"
" _Ttag:  Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change, never forget you are our messenger!"
I like Michael Douglas!
" : .    Best interview that I have ever seen.
" ostaKenneth:     Great interview Megyn"
" :         and we love you Diamond and Silk"  I do also!
" : Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president  
" :     That's why he is so successful. He is driven to succeed"  True!
" : Lovely interview, Mr. Trump!  " Thanks.
" :     Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their parts"
" :   We actually really do love you!" Great!
" :        Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great job!"
" :     it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done."
" :     Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People!"
" :     we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks.
" :     we need Trump more then ever Megan Please don't lose it for America for us!"
" : Kudos to   and   for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy 👍"
" :     Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job"
" :   You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you! Don't listen to these people who want you to change!"
" :   great interview with   !" Thanks.
" :   One thing we know for sure   supporters will turn to   - absolutely not  "
" :   speaks from the heart 4 all of America.His intention is for a positive future 4 all.    
" :DonaldTrump, you are fearless! This interview shows you are the Leader we need.   is a tough interview! Respect to both"
" :     what's with the soft wimpy questions?!? It's not a therapy session ..!!" Not really soft at all!
" :   amazing on Megan Kelly" Thanks.
" TrainRider: .  Watching you on Fox with   now. Can't wait to hear what you two talked about."
I will be live tweeting   Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!
Latest reckless idea from Trump: gut rules on Wall Street, and leave middle-class families out to dry.  
On the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia, let's recommit to ending violence and hate against LGBT people worldwide.
I will be live tweeting my interview with   on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy!  
For too many families, paychecks aren't stretching as far as they used to. Let's change that.  
Who benefits from Trump's tax plan?

Billionaires—and millionaires like him.    
62 years after Brown v. Board, we still have too many segregated schools. We have to ensure equal opportunity for all of our kids.
Does Trump pay his fair share in taxes? As long as he keeps refusing to release his tax returns, voters won't know.  
I look forward to watching   tonight, 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats me—I think she will be very fair.
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the "energizer" to D.C.?
It's Primary Day for Kentucky and Oregon. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary.  
  at clerk's offices &amp; 185 ballot drop boxes in  !
Closes at 8pm!  
 
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "You can tell them to go BLANK themselves" - was about China, NOT WOMEN!
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
" : OREGON votes today! Go vote for   and kick it BIG TIME!  "
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no.
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
Being president isn't like being on a reality show.

We can't afford a candidate who treats it like one.  
"In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue." This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!
Making it harder to vote goes against everything we stand for as Americans. Why would you brag about it?  
Conoce cómo Hillary ha luchado durante varias décadas por las familias, mujeres y niños.    
We’ve got to stop giving companies incentives to move jobs overseas.      
The writer of the now proven false story in the  , Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond.
Over 50 women were interviewed by the   yet they only wrote about 6. That’s because there were so many positive statements.
No wonder the   is failing—who can believe what they write after the false, malicious &amp; libelous story they did on me.
The failing   is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing   story yesterday joined  . 
 
Every woman, no matter where she works, deserves birth control coverage. This shouldn't be a question.   -H
Trump empezó su campaña diciendo que los mexicanos son "violadores" y traen “drogas” y “crimen”.

No se ha detenido.  
Whenever you read about Trump's reckless foreign policy, imagine him in the Situation Room.    
Thank you, Anthony     "The Entrepreneur's Case for Trump"   
The American auto industry just had its best year ever. So yes, we can bring American manufacturing back.  
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing   hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!
Every presidential nominee since 1976 has released their tax returns, but Trump has refused.
 
A political commentator for  , which I no longer watch, said "Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries." I set all-time record!
Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing   story yesterday, was on   saying Times lied
The   is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!
That was an amazing interview on   - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the   is!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.
“In politics and in life, ignorance is not a virtue.” —   
Great new poll- thank you!
     
The   report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
"Implementar la idea [de Trump] a los Estados Unidos destruiría la economía" — 
 
Incomes haven’t gone up for most Americans in about 15 years. We’ve got to fix that.  
Thank you Georgia! See you soon!
   
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
"What can we do for women that doesn't make them a liability because they're pregnant?"
 
Why did the failing   refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing   piece. Massive front page for that!
8 ways we can give middle-class families a raise, not one of which is cutting taxes for billionaires.  
Why doesn't the failing   write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
" _Back:    keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them!  " Thanks.
" :     Everyone continues to pile onto Donald, but they can NEVER take away our votes!"  Thank you!
Everyone is laughing at the   for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
" :     OHIO WOMEN FOR TRUMP  "
" : Leicester &amp; DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory, both were written off, but they keep scaling the heights. History?
" :     I'm a women &amp; I 100% support   &amp; I have since the beginning. Thank you!
The failing   wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!
Thank you for the nice words this morning  . Well delivered and totally logical!      
" : Sheldon Adelson Pledges $100 Million to Elect Trump President - Breitbart  "
Hillary was  's first student commencement speaker in 1969. Read the speech:    
Made a new friend in Ohio.
 
Worried about a Trump presidency? Here are four things you can do to prevent it:  
Wow,   is really working hard to make me look as bad  as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!
Great new poll- thank you!  
FACT: Donald Trump would force schools to allow guns in classrooms on his first day in office.  
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
Donald Trump wants to spend $3 trillion (yes, with a T) on tax cuts for people like him.    
We've got to do everything we can to make it easier for people like Frankie to reach their potential.  
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person I
have such tremendous respect for. Thank you, Sheldon!  
Happening now → join   senior policy advisors (and working moms) for a Q&amp;A on child care and work/life balance:  
.   Your story about me &amp; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrect—it is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
We can do a lot to help working parents. Join a Facebook Q&amp;A on Hillary's new child care plan at 3pm ET:  
"The annual cost of child care is higher than a year’s tuition at the average 4 year public college." —   
It's a simple idea: Those who have benefited the most from our economy should pay their fair share in taxes.  
“You’re gonna make the same if you do as good a job.” —Donald Trump on women and equal pay  
Even Republicans can't come to terms with the idea of "President Trump."  
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!
You can tell a lot about someone by the company they keep.  
Hillary's advice to   graduates in 1992: "Throw yourself into the world, and make your voice count."  
 
Nurses care for our families like their own. It's time we returned the favor.    
Who benefits from Donald Trump's tax plan? Billionaires like Donald Trump.    
"I don’t want Americans to feel left out and left behind. I want the American Dream to be alive and well." —Hillary
 
Great meeting with   Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C.    
Great day in D.C. with   and Republican leadership. Things working out really well!    
Trump stood by his proposed Muslim ban just last week. Now he's trying to backpedal. Don't let him.
 
Sybrina, you and all mothers of gun violence victims have taught us hate will never win. Thinking of you today.   -H
"We want to bring unity to the Republican party." — 

Good luck with that.
 
"I’ve been called many things by many people. 'Quitter' is not one of them."    
80% of a child's brain is formed before the age of 3. Early childhood education could not be more important.  
Donald Trump has released just one detailed proposal: a tax plan written by billionaires, for billionaires.
 
"I am the king of debt, I do love debt, I love playing with it." —   
Under Trump's tax plan, the wealthiest 0.1% of Americans would get more tax relief than the bottom 60% combined.  
This election isn’t a reality show.
 
It’s hard to imagine how we’re going to lift up families if we don't raise the national minimum wage.  
Trump's policies that affect women are even more offensive than his comments on women—and that's saying something.
 
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no jobs in America—she doesn’t have a clue.
In interview I told   that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
Isn’t it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets nothing done in Senate?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media—asking for increase!
Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldn’t care less about the American worker…does nothing to help!
Donald Trump's tax plan:
1. Cut taxes for the wealthiest Americans
2. Saddle the rest of the country with the debt
 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!
Thanks Piers.  
When women are paid less, they're also short-changed in saving for retirement and contributing to Social Security. We've got to change this.
     
"[The LGBT community's] progress is not only safe in her hands, it will continue." —  endorsing Hillary:  
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Millions of families struggle to afford quality child care.

It's time they got some help.
 
It's been a banner week for  ...  
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
We need to raise the minimum wage, lift millions of families out of poverty, and make the economy work for everyone.  
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!
In many states, child care is even more expensive than college tuition. Let's make it affordable for every family.  
Thank you Nebraska!
     
Thank you West Virginia!
     
Detroit's public schools are in crisis, and we need solutions that include teachers and parents:   -H
If Trump had his way, the federal minimum wage would be $0.  
Cuatro cosas que puedes hacer ahora mismo para evitar una presidencia de Trump.  
"Enough is enough. It’s time we make quality child care affordable for all working families." —Hillary
While families are struggling to pay for child care, Donald Trump actually argued that Americans are being paid too much.
A Kentucky parent earning the minimum wage spends 40% of their income on child care.

Let's make sure no family has to spend more than 10%.
Quality, affordable child care isn't a luxury for the few. It's a necessity that too many Americans are struggling to achieve.
Hillary's in Kentucky today talking with families about child care. Tune in to watch live:    
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp; I can’t tell the truth about her husband? Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
A woman told Hillary she was fired after losing her baby: "What happened to you was not only wrong—it's illegal."
 
Hillary has bad judgment!  
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!
Via   and Jason Greenblatt  "Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs"      
WEST VIRGINIA   TODAY!
   
 
NEBRASKA   TODAY!
   
 
No family should have to pay more than 10% of its income on child care.  
West Virginians, head to the polls today. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary.  
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary!  
"I would borrow knowing that if the economy crashed, I could make a deal." — 
 
Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
.    Great job on   this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Trump is floating an insane idea that would tank the American economy." —   
" : 🇺🇸I am a woman &amp; I JUST VOTED FOR        ForPresident  "
Americans need a raise.  
Women earn just $0.79 for every $1 men do.

That's a problem for all of us.    
Thank you Jason Greenblatt   "For Our Children: Let's Elect Donald Trump"   
"Applying [Trump's] idea to the United States would destroy the economy." — 
 
"If you have a mother, a wife, a sister, a daughter who is working, it affects you" —Hillary on equal pay for women:  
Live on Facebook: Hillary leads a roundtable discussion with working families in Virginia. Watch →  
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
"Making America a more just nation requires honest talk about policies that can lift up those still hurting."  
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat—she had one!
When Hillary introduced this innovative preschool program to Arkansas families, it spread across the nation.
 
     
 
 
     
 
 
Donald Trump could be our next Commander-in-Chief. Here's who thinks that's a good idea.  
" _Monkey:  hrisCuomo    Is Chris serious, lying or misinformed? Bill Clinton signed NAFTA  "
"      The liars that signed the pledge and now won't support   IS the reason they are losers
" :   you had a great interview with Donald today! I started watching your show due to Donald Trump.
Will be interviewed by   on    at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
" :     good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight." Thank you.
Wow, I hear  _Joe has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
I will be interviewed on   at 7:00 A.M.
.   Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
" : On     was on the ball &amp;   is in a time warped stupor.   will EXPAND  
I will be interviewed on     at 7:00 A.M.
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
On   show   now. ENJOY!
Here's what you can do to make sure   never reaches the White House:  
"It's only been an incredible gift." Hillary talks about becoming a grandmother and watching Chelsea become a mom.
 
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!
.   Kellyanne, you were fantastic on   today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"She was determined to give me and my brothers opportunities far beyond anything she'd known." —Hillary on her mom
 
Happy Mother's Day to Charlotte's mom, and my wonderful daughter,  . -H  
I will be interviewed on   this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
 ! 
   
" : I want a leader that will shoot straight with us. The politicians can't.   will give his all for us!
New   designs from   and  . Get them before they're gone →    
. Goeas thank you for your support tonight on  .
.  would force all schools to allow guns in classrooms—on his first day in office.

Seriously.  
Preguntamos a varios neoyorquinos sobre Donald Trump—y estas fueron sus reacciones.  
In 1970, Diane Crump rode her way into history at the  , becoming the first woman to compete.  
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!
I am honored that the great men and women of the   have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue!  
Join me in Washington today!
Spokane tickets:
 
Lynden tickets:
   
Son of a Pakistani bus driver, champion of workers' rights and human rights, and now Mayor of London. Congrats,  . -H
62 reasons why Donald Trump should never become president (from members of his own party).  
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
  thanks for this. Women are so much more than the roles they've been assigned. -H
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton’s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is Native American. I say she’s a fraud!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
Substance abuse and drug addiction hurt our kids, friends, neighbors, and loved ones. We've got to solve this.
 
Response to  dseyGrahamSC:
 
"I get along with everybody." — 

About that...
 
Imaginemos un mañana en el que ningún niño crezca bajo las sombras de la discriminación o la deportación.
 
I hear   of rapidly fading  _Joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Are you a Republican who thinks   should not become president?

Tell us why:  
We asked a dozen people how they feel about a Donald Trump presidency.

They were…honest.  
We're not going to round up millions of immigrants and deport them—no matter how many times Trump says he wants to.  
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!
" :  Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time!    "
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Governor Rick Perry said "Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen." Thank you Rick!
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big.  
This is the man the   has selected to be their nominee for president.  
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, "We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp;coal companies out of business." She then apologized.
Volkswagen workers in TN are raising their voices for the rights they deserve. VW should meet them at the table. -H  
We cannot let Donald Trump become the next president.  
Comprehensive immigration reform will bring people out of the shadows and into our economy.  
Join me tomorrow!   
  

Omaha, Nebraska:
 

Eugene, Oregon:
 
We should be fighting to keep families together, not rip them apart.  
5.5 million kids in the U.S. have at least one undocumented parent.
 
Trump's deportations would hurt them the most.  
FACT: Donald Trump would end birthright citizenship.  
Last night, Trump stood by his plans to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. and deport millions of immigrants.  
Trump podría ser tu próximo Comandante del Ejército. ¿Cómo es su visión sobre la política exterior? Irresponsable.  
“I love Hispanics!” —Trump, 52 minutes ago  

“They’re gonna be deported.” —Trump, yesterday  
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, &amp; run as an Independent.
"Everything I say I'm gonna do, folks, I do."

What Trump says he'll do as president: deport millions of immigrants.
 
Happy  ! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics!    
"I want more Americans to believe again we are all in this together."
 
I will be interviewed by     at 6pm ET tonight  
They say your friends reflect who you really are...  
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
"Do you still believe that Muslims should be banned from entering the country?"

 : "Yes."
 
Republicans agree: Donald Trump is reckless, dangerous, and divisive.  
President Trump?

Nope:  
Trump es el presunto nominado del Partido Republicano. No podemos dejar que su retórica odiosa y peligrosa se acerque a la Casa Blanca.
We need the strongest team to take on Donald Trump and the GOP in November. Apply to join   today:  
On Holocaust Remembrance Day, we remember the millions of lives lost and rededicate ourselves to fighting hate and intolerance everywhere.
The Republican Party is now the party of Trump. Here's what it stands for.
 
Love this, Ellen. Where can I get one? -H  
Trump just stood by his proposals to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. &amp; deport millions of immigrants. Seriously.
 
"I don't think we can take a risk on a loose cannon like Donald Trump running our country." —Hillary
 
Stonewall: the birthplace of a movement, and soon a national monument for equality.    
"President Trump" is a dangerous proposition.

Mitt Romney, Ted Cruz, and Marco Rubio agree.
 
"They couldn't take him on on the issues because they basically agreed with him." —Hillary on Trump's   rivals:  
"He's a loose cannon, and loose cannons tend to misfire." —Hillary on  :  
"I don't think we can take a risk on a loose cannon like Donald Trump running the country." —Hillary to  
"Unity versus division, compassion versus selfishness, and love versus hate. The stakes don’t get much higher."  
"Everything I say, I'm going to do, folks." —Trump

Here's what the presumptive   nominee would do as president.
 
Join me in Charleston, WV - tomorrow!  
We know Donald Trump is not who we are. If you want to shut him down, then let’s vote him down.  
There's only one candidate left who can stop a Trump presidency.

Chip in now if you've got Hillary's back:  
"As he goes after women, as he goes after literally every group, I'm going to be their voice." —Hillary on Trump
 
I will be interviewed on   at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on   and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M.
I will be interviewed on  _Joe at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
.   Please correct, I WON Virginia!
Donald Trump is the presumptive   nominee.

Chip in now if you agree we can't let him become president:  
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Our teachers deserve more than just a pat on the back. They deserve a raise.    
Thank you Indiana!  
   
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money
Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
"We're not going to be counted out anymore." —Hillary on  's disparaging comments toward women
 
It’s Primary Day, Indiana. If you’re a Hoosier for Hillary, vote today:  
Thrilled by this news. Every loving parent, no matter who they are, can now adopt kids in all 50 states.   -H
“We’re going to build a future that will take advantage of the talents and the hard work of every single one of our children.” —Hillary
We don’t have time to waste on Trump's fake solutions that won’t do a thing to help your families.
 
Donald Trump’s tax plan would give $3.2 trillion to millionaires &amp; billionaires.
Ted Cruz would give them even more.

We can't afford that.
“What is the other side offering? Unfortunately, it’s the same old trickle-down economics that failed us before.” —Hillary
“Drug abuse, alcohol abuse and suicide are all on the rise across Appalachia.” —Hillary

Her plan to address it:  
Revitalizing Appalachia means investing in education and training—from pre-K to college to vocational and retraining programs.
“Having a good job is about so much more than getting a paycheck. 

It’s about dignity and a sense of purpose." —Hillary
We’ll create more good-paying jobs by investing in locally-driven projects and infrastructure improvements.  
“Even if people don’t vote for me in November, I’m going to be for them and for you every single day.”  
“There’s no question that the workers of Appalachia made America more prosperous and secure, and that legacy should be honored.” —Hillary
Watch live: Hillary’s speaking in Ohio on her plans to create jobs and grow our economy:    
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
    
 
Live in Indiana? Go vote: Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place.  
Polls close at 6pm!       
 
What kind of president would Leslie Knope be?
 
"Full speed ahead!"
 
Let's act on coal miner safety so people like Don Blankenship are held accountable for blatantly disregarding it.  
Thank you America!   
   
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
     
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
    
 
 
Hoosiers, head to the polls today. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary.  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
   
 
Thank you South Bend, Indiana! Everyone get out &amp;   tomorrow!   
   
When it comes to love and kindness,   puts it best.
 
We can't let all the progress we've made under   be torn away by Donald Trump.

Let's move forward—together.
 
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
Will be interviewed on   tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy!  
THANK YOU AMERICA!
   
Thank you Carmel, Indiana! Get out &amp;   tomorrow!      
When we stand together against the other side's hateful words, we all rise.
 
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy!      
Puerto Rico enfrenta una crisis económica y la persistente inacción del Congreso es irresponsable. Debemos actuar ya  
Paid family leave isn't a luxury. Families shouldn't have to choose between eating and caring for loved ones.  
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016.  
   
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Hillary ha demostrado que ella es la única candidata preparada para enfrentarse a desafíos y lograr resultados.  
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." Actually, she has done poorly with such men!
I will be interviewed on       at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Puerto Rico faces an economic crisis. Continued inaction from Congress is irresponsible. We should act now:   -H
If we're going to build strong communities and help our kids succeed, we need to respect working parents.
 
"Let’s keep going together.
Let’s organize and mobilize.
Let’s make sure that love trumps hate." —Hillary
"We cannot let Barack Obama’s legacy fall into Donald Trump’s hands." —Hillary
"Systemic racism, inter-generational poverty, gun violence—these aren’t somebody else’s problems. These are our problems." —Hillary
Health care.
Education.
Criminal justice.
Equal pay.
Tackling racial injustice means tackling them all:  
We should be making it easier to vote, not harder. The attacks on voting rights have to end.
“Something’s wrong when so many black parents are burying their children.” —Hillary  
"Something’s wrong when the median wealth for black families is just a tiny fraction of that for white families." —Hillary
“Race still plays a significant role in determining who gets ahead in America and who gets left behind." —Hillary
“Let America ‘be that great strong land of love.’ That is more than poetry…that’s a prayer.” —Hillary quoting Langston Hughes
Watch live: Hillary addresses the 61st annual   dinner in Detroit →  
Join me in Carmel, Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm!   
   
Thank you Fort Wayne, Indiana!
     
Thank you Terre Haute, Indiana!
   
This  , let's celebrate the tremendous contributions from Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders to our country.  
"She’s battle tested, she’s got a dirty uniform, and that’s who you want fighting for your kids’ future.”  
.  is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!
  Nice job last night. Aunt Hillary approves.   -H
I am on  Sunday with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with  , throughout the day. Enjoy!  
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
I watched Sen. Graham  . Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?
Donald Trump is closer than ever to clinching the GOP nomination. There's only one candidate who has more votes.  
Raise the minimum wage.
Ensure paid leave.
Protect union rights.

If we want to raise incomes, we have to stand with workers.  
Thank you Indiana!    
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
If standing up for women is playing the  ...  
Thank you  Ozanian for the nice comments on   today. Great job!
The  ?

Fighting for women's rights is a card we'd play any day.
 
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates.     
 
¿Crees que cuando sea presidenta, le van a pagar lo mismo que le pagarían si fuera un hombre?
 
There's a lot more that unites us than divides us.
 
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
" :        "
If you see a bully, stand up to him.  
The "protesters" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
.   Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
Lower wages! No paid family leave! Limited access to health care! Just some of the perks of your  :  
Estas son las promesas de Trump. Así podría ser su presidencia….
 
Get your own  *:  

*does not include a 21% discount on your purchases.  
An entire deck of woman cards? Deal us in.  
What can we do to fight the Zika threat? Hillary answers on  :  
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
Thank you Indiana!    
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
If you see bigotry, oppose it. If you see violence, condemn it. If you see a bully, stand up to him.
 
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
Thank you Costa Mesa, California! 31,000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back!    
New York Yankees President, Randy Levine: 'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated.  
 
Conoce alguno de los logros de Hillary Clinton a través de los años.  
Want one? Chip in now:      
If fighting for women is "playing the  ," what card is Trump playing?
 
I will be interviewed on   with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy!    
Hate isn't an American value.  
     
   
Fact: Donald Trump said women should be punished for seeking an abortion.  
Couldn't agree more,  . It's time for Republicans to address this threat:   -H  
Thank you Evansville, Indiana! 
   
  to 2008 when Hillary helped make emergency contraception available over the counter:  
. : Does Donald Trump intimidate you?

Hillary: No.  
 
Candidate Trump opposes equal pay, paid leave, and Planned Parenthood.

President Trump? Same.
 
Capt. Kristen Griest is about to become the Army's first female infantry officer. Well done.   -H
Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!
 
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
"Everything I say, I'm going to do, folks." — 
 
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
I will be interviewed on the   at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
" : I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. I was SO HAPPY! I really adore you Mr. Trump, so much."
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!
Thank you Laura!   
Thank you for the endorsement, Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it!
   
Turning away Muslims, pitting Americans against each other, inciting violence and chaos—these aren't our values.
 
The U.S. has 5% of the world's women but nearly 30% of its women prisoners. The consequences are devastating.  
Yikes.  
Join me on  - from Indianapolis, Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy!   
 
THANK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island!    
Donald Trump's foreign policy isn't just offensive, it's dangerous.    
Agreed!  
So if fighting for women is playing the  , well...  
Trump's rhetoric is just the beginning. He's dismissed equal pay. Wouldn't support paid family leave. Would defund Planned Parenthood.
Women still face too many barriers—a president shouldn't be part of the problem. Comments like Trump's set us back.
Thank you Newt!  
They might make flashy headlines, but Trump's comments aren't a joke. Hillary can handle these attacks. Millions of women shouldn't have to.
Last night, the " ." This morning, Trump said he "hasn't recovered" from Hillary's "shouting." Really?  
After a week of reports that Trump would change his tone heading into the general election, once again he's letting his true colors show.
Thanks Dave!  
Thanks!  
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
Thank you!  
Donald Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric goes against everything we stand for.  
Civil rights and voting rights.
Workers’ rights and women’s rights.

Let's defend them all.
 
Fighting for women's health care, equal pay, and paid leave.
Or as Donald Trump says, playing the "woman's card."
 
"That is how progress gets made: We have to be both dreamers and doers." —Hillary last night in PA  
Caught your speech,  . About that "woman's card"...
 
Imagine a tomorrow where hard work is honored, families are supported, communities are strong, and love trumps hate.
 
Thank you, Connecticut.  
Text IMWITHHER to 47246 to tell Hillary you've got her back.  
Thanks to you, victory is in sight. Pitch in $1, and let's go win this nomination:  
"Let’s go forward. Let’s win the nomination." —Hillary    
"Imagine a tomorrow where...love trumps hate.” —Hillary
“Imagine a tomorrow where instead of building walls, we’re breaking down barriers.” —Hillary  
“If fighting for women’s health care and paid family leave and equal pay is playing the ‘woman card,’ then deal me in.” —Hillary
Civil rights &amp; voting rights.
Worker’s rights &amp; women’s rights.
LGBT rights and rights for people with disabilities.

Let's defend them all.
"We all agree that wages are too low and inequality is too high. That Wall Street can never again be allowed to threaten Main Street."
"We can build on a strong progressive tradition from Franklin Roosevelt to Barack Obama." —Hillary
“Whether you support Senator Sanders or you support me, there’s much more that unites us than divides us.” —Hillary
"Our campaign is about restoring people’s confidence in our ability to solve problems together" —Hillary
Americans are hungry for solutions. They don’t just want us to diagnose problems, they want us to solve them.
More than 1.1 million have donated.
Chip in now to join this team:  
"We’re going to come back to Philadelphia...with the most votes and the most pledged delegates. We’ll unify our party to win this election.”
Watch live: Hillary speaks on tonight's primary results in Philadelphia.  
Tonight's wins belong to every organizer, volunteer, donor, and supporter who've built this campaign. Thank you.  
Thank you Delaware!    
Vote by vote, state by state, this team is building something special. Thanks for believing. -H  
Pennsylvania! Thanks to everyone who made this possible. This win is yours.  
We did it, Delaware!  
Thank you Rhode Island!    
Thank you Connecticut!    
Thank you Pennsylvania!    
Thank you Maryland!    
Thank you, Maryland.  
Three answers from last night’s   town hall that you should see:  
Love this. Great to see Chobani sharing its success with the employees who helped make it possible. -H  
Polls close soon in CT, DE, MD, PA, and RI. Confirm where to go here, then head over:    
We are not a post-racial society. We still struggle with racism—and it's not only wrong, it's holding us back.
 
Thank you America!    
If our leaders won't stand up to the gun lobby, we need to hold them accountable.
 
Lets  , Maryland!   
 
You have until 8pm to  , Delaware!  
Thank you for a great day yesterday, Rhode Island!  
 
Six hours left to   Connecticut!  
Lets go Pennsylvania!   
 
How bad is the New York Times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Live in CT, DE, MD, PA, or RI? Go vote: Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place.  
Women deserve the same rights as men in every aspect of our economy and our society—at home and around the world.
 
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania, Barron, Ivanka, Jared, Tiffany, Don, Vanessa, Eric, and Lara!
 
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!
It’s Primary Day in CT, DE, MD, PA, and RI. If you’re with Hillary, add your name and make a plan to vote today:  
Primarias en Connecticut, Maryland, Pensilvania, Delaware y Rhode Island.      
We've heard way too much hateful rhetoric in this campaign.

We need more love and kindness.
 
Thank you   &amp;  .   
 
Voters in CT, DE, MD, PA, and RI head to the polls today. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary.  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
   
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
America's gun violence epidemic is out of control. No more excuses—we need to act to save lives.
 
"I'm a feminist because I believe women deserve the same rights as men." —Hillary  
Thank you Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania! 
    
 
"As a white person, I have to talk about [racism] more. We are not a post-racial society." —Hillary to    
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
         
 
Eight-year-old Noah became part of Hillary's Secret Service detail this weekend. Here's how.
 
Connecticut, Maryland, Pensilvania, Delaware y Rhode Island.      
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad!    
Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania!
   
   
Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island!
    
   
"Voters can count on her to bring that same passion for getting the job done to the White House."  
“She's more accomplished than any other candidate.” —   
This might sound strange coming from a presidential candidate, but what we really need is more love and kindness.
 
In 1990, explorer and marine biologist Sylvia Earle became the first woman appointed chief scientist at  .  
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
"Ms. Clinton has advanced realistic, well thought out proposals." — :    
Editorial boards in Tuesday primary states are urging their readers to vote for Hillary Clinton. Here's why.  
Let's stand together to do all the good we can, in all the ways we can, for as long as we can.
 
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
I am happy to hear how badly the   is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
"Everybody has a story. Everybody has a life worth dignity and protection."
 
La lucha por la cobertura médica a bajo costo lleva más de medio siglo y Hillary ha sido una líder por décadas.  
Not interested in endorsements from people who deny climate science and try to make it harder for people to vote.  
When someone shows you who they are, believe them. Trump has shown us who he is.
 
" : .  awesome job on  Sotu. DonaldTrump has integrity &amp; he refuses 2 play the game call "Delegate Bribery"
Women gathered in Seneca Falls 170 years ago to demand suffrage.   visited before voting for her mom.  
" :   turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive   nominee    "
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
.   Great job and advice on       Thank you!
.  was great on   tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
Congratulations to   on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the   today. Amazing job!
Uno no se intimida cuando se tienen que denunciar abusos a los derechos humanos.
 
Every child in America deserves clean air to breathe, clean water to drink, and a safe and healthy place to live.  
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks!  
Thank you Delaware!   
   
   
Thank you Bridgeport, Connecticut!
   
   
Tenemos que actuar ahora para proteger a los puertorriqueños (del Zika), especialmente a las mujeres embarazadas.  
Thank you Waterbury, Connecticut!
   
   
Does Trump think he can fool us into forgetting his hateful rhetoric? Sad!  
 
Video:    
Zika has reached the U.S. and we can't wait any longer to act. Tell Congress to address this public health crisis:  
Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS &amp; ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district!  
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
We all know Donald Trump says offensive things about women. Here's what he says about policies that benefit women.
 
Thank you Pennsylvania!  
   
Passover is a chance to gather with loved ones and recommit to fighting all forms of injustice. Chag sameach to those celebrating. -H
Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon!  
   
Thank you California! See you soon!
   
   
Thank you,  !     
   
Para dejarle un mejor futuro a nuestros niños, tenemos que proteger el futuro de nuestro planeta.    
In ten years, we can generate enough renewable energy to power every home in America.  
 
Proud of my friend   for continuing to break down barriers to voting. -H  
The climate is changing.
Republican policies aren't.

RT if you agree we need to  .
 
Thank you for the incredible support, Maryland! This is a movement!
   
 
We need to act on Zika—fast. Add your name and tell Congress: approve emergency funding now to keep families safe.  
"It is not enough to be on the money. You need to be making the money." —Hillary on ensuring equal pay for women
Zika is a threat to public health &amp; we have to act now. Tell Congress to approve funding to address this crisis:   -H
Proud the U.S. is signing the Paris climate deal. What better way to celebrate Earth Day than taking action to help save our planet? -H
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
To make a better future for our kids, we've got to protect the future of our planet. Happy Earth Day.  
Conoce la historia de un gimnasio en Nueva York ayudando a concienciar sobre la encarcelación masiva.  
"To all the people who supported Sen. Sanders, I believe there's much more that unites us than divides us." —Hillary  
It isn't enough to just say we support equal pay for women. We have to do everything we can to make it a reality.
 
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
"Once you've paid your debt to society, your voting rights should be returned immediately." —Hillary on  
 
A few bad actors supply the vast majority of guns used in crimes. We need to stop them.    
Gun violence is an epidemic. We cannot become indifferent to these losses.  
"We have got to address the unequal effects of the criminal justice system on people of color." —Hillary on  
 
If anything else killed 33,000 people per year, Congress would take action. It's time to  .  
In which Hillary reacts to  SNL Hillary skits on  .
 
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
I will be doing the   with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon.      
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Had a meeting with the terrific   of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state!  
Thank you, New York. Let's go win this nomination.
 
"Victory" never tasted so good. Thanks,  yLikesItNY.
 
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!
     
It's important that people are held accountable for water poisoning in Flint, but Congress needs to act now to help Flint families. -H
A fitting tribute yesterday for Susan B. Anthony, who fought to win women the right to vote: "I voted" stickers.  
"No more families should have to go through what we have." — , daughter of Sandy Hook School principal
 
A woman, a leader, and a freedom fighter. I can't think of a better choice for the $20 bill than Harriet Tubman:   -H
Hillary Clinton luchará para los inmigrantes para que todos puedan salir adelante.  
 360 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower-  
Off to Indiana!    
"Erica has turned her sorrow into a strategy and her mourning into a movement." —Hillary in New York last night
 
"Because of you, this campaign is the only one—Democrat or Republican—to win 10 million votes.”  
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
"New York is a place for dreaming big. But New Yorkers also like to get things done." —Hillary  
" :        "  Wow, really nice!
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
¡Esta victoria es de todos ustedes Nueva York! Muchas gracias por su apoyo. Unete a la campaña aquí →  
Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you're with her tonight.  
“The motto of this state is ‘Excelsior’–ever upward. So let’s go out and win this election and all rise together.”  
New Yorkers speak every language, worship every faith, and hail from every continent. 

Our diversity is a strength, not a weakness.
Donald Trump &amp; Ted Cruz are pushing a vision for America that's divisive &amp; dangerous.

We should be lifting people up—not tearing them down.
New York is a place to dream big—and we’re setting bold, progressive goals in this campaign. But New Yorkers also like to get things done.
“The race for the Democratic nomination is in the home stretch and our goal is in sight.”  
We did it, New York! Watch Hillary live:  
Start spreading the news.  
Tonight's victory belongs to everyone who worked hard to get out the vote. Sign up now to keep the momentum going.  
To our volunteers, organizers, and supporters who worked your hearts out in New York: This is your win. Thank you.  
Let's win this nomination. Chip in $3 to let Hillary know you've got her back all the way to the White House:  
Right back at you, New York.  
Thank you, New York. You put your faith in me 16 years ago and again tonight. I'll never stop fighting for you. -H  
Thank you New York! I love you!
     
.  is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O    said such an amazing thing about me!
" : Look everybody, DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!!      "
A couple of New Yorkers heading to the polls.  
 
" __org:   Your policies will make this state and country great again!    "
" :   Everybody is "In A New York State of Mind" now!"
Just a few hours left to vote in the NY primary. Confirm your polling place, then head over:    
¿Cómo funciona el sistema de delegados? Nuestro experto en delegados nos explica en esta entrevista.  
Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE!
   
 
Just a few hours until polls close in New York. Get the latest from   on our live blog →  
Discussing  
in Buffalo last night- on the eve of the  .
LETS GO NY!   
 
1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for  .
   NY    
If we have each other's backs and treat each other with kindness and respect, there's nothing we can't do.
 
Who did the House Task Force on
Urgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP? 
 
 
   
Our country can't reach its potential unless we all do.
 
LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take back
our country, and  
Watch video &amp; go
 !  
 :   closing speech in
Buffalo, New York!
 NY  
It's   in New York. Get all you need to know on our live blog:    
Go vote, New York. It'll only take you one try.      
Join me in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow at 3pm!  
 
Tickets:    
First stop on New York primary day.      
Thank you Eric!  
We asked New Yorkers what they really think of Donald Trump.

They didn’t hold back.    
New Yorkers head to the polls today. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary.  
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
¡Alza tu voz! Encuentre dónde votar en Nueva York aquí →      
I am on   at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!
Go vote today, New York—Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place.
Thank you Buffalo!   
   
   
 
Every Republican presidential candidate would reverse  ’s executive actions on immigration.    
We don't all look the same, or sound the same, or worship the same—and that's one of America's biggest strengths.
 
Push forward into the unknown,  . Watch Hillary on   at 11:30pm ET.  
 
.  on Hillary: "One of the most broadly and deeply qualified presidential candidates in modern history."  
Lyin’ Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
"She promised me to block the Constitutional amendment against gay marriage. And she did."    
It's time to create a path to full and equal citizenship and finally fix our broken immigration system.   -H
We need comprehensive immigration reform now. I'll propose legislation within my first 100 days as president. -H
I will protect President Obama's executive actions to keep these families together and go even further to bring more families relief. -H
Millions of families who call America home live in fear of being torn apart by deportation. Today, SCOTUS begins deciding their fate. -H
To everyone in Houston, please stay safe and avoid traveling. Our prayers are with you.   -H
Encuentre dónde votar en Nueva York aquí →       
New York, we will make America great again!  
No child should have to live in fear of losing her parents to deportation.  
 
. , thanks for your work on this issue. Your zip code shouldn't determine your ability to access healthy, affordable food.
"Anything is possible. Do not let where you come from dictate your life."
How one New York school is changing lives:  
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K
" : .  is who we need 2 fix this corrupted, rigged system. 4 no Profit, Under budget &amp; ahead of schedule.
If we stand up for our values instead of turning to division and hate, there's nothing we can't do.
 
Thank you for today's endorsement, New York Veteran Police Association! 
     
Thank you, California! Will see you soon!   
   
Nuestros corazones están con los ecuatorianos y las familias que perdieron a seres queridos en el terremoto de ayer.
Our hearts go out to the people of Ecuador and the families who lost loved ones from yesterday's earthquake. -H
A great day in East Harlem, in photos.    
“Muchos neoyorquinos luchan por pagar la renta ... y las familias latinas y afroamericanas son las más afectadas”.  
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!
    
 
Thank you California, Connecticut, Maryland, and Pennsylvania!
     
See you tomorrow Dutchess County, 
New York!    
   
Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh, PA. 8:00pm on FOX. Enjoy!    
" _621:     I think it's more like 64%.  NY🗽  !
" : New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruz's core supporters &amp; increased support for   ...Not surprising."
" tbird: Dear  I'm starting to believe that you're actually going to WIN!        "
" _Supporter: "Trump Holds 66% Favorable Rating in New York – Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire...  
THANK YOU, SYRACUSE!  
   
Just arrived in Syracuse, NY. Big crowd, great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs.    
 :   this morning. 
 
I will be interviewed on   at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
" :     I just voted for   in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit!" Fantastic!
" _stamper:         we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him" Great!
" :   We love you Donald ! Finally someone who actually cares about us .. !!  "
" _:   Praying for your family and your win in New York." Thank you!
Join me this weekend!  
4/16: SYRACUSE - NOON
 
4/16: WATERTOWN - 3pm
  
 
Thank you,  !  
 
Thank you America!    
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse, New York!    
   
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania!
     
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Will be interviewed by   on   tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy!    
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE!    
Tickets:  
     
      
Great to be on   tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M.  (EASTERN).
I LOVE NEW YORK!   
 
THANK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon!
     
Missouri just confirmed   as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates.    
WOW, great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support!  
     
Thank you Albany, New York!
   
   
Join me in Rome, NY- tomorrow!
   
Tickets available:  
Tune in &amp; join me live in Albany, New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York!     
 
A very interesting piece, by a very good writer,   of   and  .  
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly  ( ) is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention  
This is happening all over our country—great people being disenfranchised by
politicians. Repub party is in trouble!  
" :     Thanks for Rochester rally."  Great people, thank you!
" :   just listened to you on fox. I love you so much."  Thank you!
" :   Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential.  "
" :     Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. He'd get 100k &amp; own the news cycle"
I will be interviewed on   at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
   
 
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
The   purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
" : New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag - Breitbart     "
" :         let's go Pa he has my vote Go Trump"
" :   Rochester loves you! See you tomorrow!      " A big crowd!
" _berta:     Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people."
" :   _Cali If the GOP screws Trump, his millions will walk from the GOP never to return! They better think long and hard"
" : GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner (Trump) not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner (Sanders).
" ernor_savage:   is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess.  "
" :     California women love Mr Trump too. Will make it happen in New York on April 19. Go out &amp; vote."
" :       .Lets get it done Philadelphia Pa.Make Trump your pick for president now.
" yHicks13:  arolde       Your tax and economic plans are second to none!   Media shld report.
" _Cali: Poll shows   leads among registered Republican women with 44%. 👍🏻  " Thank you!
" :   here your delegate replaced at CO GOP convention.  " Very sad!
A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife,  , today.    
" :   The Real Person Of The Year!  "  Wow!
" :   Fugedaboudit!!! The woman in New York love Donald Trump!!!  "
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
" :  Yes! Thank U 4 coming to LI! It was a thrill 2 B part of it! U will get the job done!     🇺🇸"
" :     Trump will be our best president since Reagan!
" :   Thank you, Mr. Trump, for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to  "
" :     we love you and know you will do an awesome job! Saw you in bethpage !! 👏👏👏" Thank you.
" : All you haters out there, STOP trashing the only candidate   that will put ALL OF YOU &amp; AMERICA FIRST   "
" : We support you  . You will go far in life. Smart and courageous!
" : HELLO BOYS! this is my formal endorsement of   &amp; I'm a woman! (last I checked) And Rudy, U R amazing!
" am: Reports are RNC has received +1 million postcards so far! If I get more info on ## I'll post    "
“Donald Trump—The Disrupter” will air on   Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by  .  
Nobody beats me on National Security. 
 
Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt.  
Jennifer is a terrific person.  
" _U_OK_UK:           Vote trump to save the west. Don't become like Europe -  
" : Great interview with   on   regarding   path to victory      "
" :   Great Interview on CNN-Being from CT- I am thrilled you are part of this Team-GO TRUMP!"
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!
" :   first WWE Hall of Famer to become president?"
" :   let's have the policy speeches on immigration, economy,  foreign policy, and NATO!  "
" :  ealRudyGiulian   Thanks Rudy!!! Trump will be a great president!!"
" :   we can only do that with   RT  "
" :       Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home - no place for a phony"
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget!  
     
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!
I was not scheduled to be on the  . Pure fiction!
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
Still time to get out and VOTE!
     
 
Wow,   is in total disarray 
with almost everybody quitting. Good
news -- bad, dishonest journalists!  
" : Challenge to all WI gun owners. Vote  .The only candidate that will protect your rights!  
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open!   today &amp; we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
" :  : "  is the only guy, I think, that has the will &amp; the nerve to attack &amp; to fight."  
" : Something VERY close to my heart. I'm a NAVY VET! I love  's  VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS.
I will be on    - tonight at 10pmE w/  , from Wisconsin. Enjoy!      
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
Leaving Superior, Wisconsin now. Thank you!    
   
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you!  
Will be interviewed on   on   from   tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show.
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you  Golf!
 
Just departing La Crosse, Wisconsin. Thank you!    
   
This Tweet from   has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder.
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A great night in West Allis, Wisconsin! Thank you!  WI   
   
I am on   with   doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy!
   
Congratulations to   for winning the  . We are all proud of you   &amp; all  Golf clubs! Great going!
I will be in Milwaukee, Wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pmE with  . Join us!      
Thank you Miss Katie's Diner!
   
   
Thank you New York, and Pennsylvania! 
     
" jenna: "I don't care about the game, I care about the PEOPLE." And that's exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much!  "
Thank you!      
" :       IS THE ONLY DEAL !!!  "
" :   VOTE SMART   RECORDS R SEALED.. WHAT IS HE HIDING? SAVE AMERICA W/    "
" :  is reviewing the week,but majority of the show about   cuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not. Media's a JOKE
I will be on  Sunday with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
" : Tune in for our sit-down interview with Republican frontrunner  !  "
Thank you Eau Claire, Wisconsin. 
  on Tuesday, April 5th!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
I will be interviewed by   on   tomorrow morning. Enjoy!  
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN!
Thank you   &amp;  ! Just arrived in  !  
     
.  should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
. - Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!
Great honor to have   General Counsel,   as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
Join me on Monday, April 4th in Milwaukee!    
Tickets:    
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
If   stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with   beat her by millions!
Is it possible for   to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
 
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States!  
My new radio ad, airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon!
    
 
Does anybody like Lyin' Ted?  
For the 1st time in American history, America’s 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me! Thank you.
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the American people!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
   
   
THANK YOU, NEW YORK!    
THANK YOU, AMERICA!  
  
   
THANK YOU, WISCONSIN!   
next Tuesday, April 5th!  
   
Just had a very nice meeting with   Priebus and the  . Looking forward to bringing the Party 
together --- and it will happen!
The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength.   
   
" : Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for    "
" :     I'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary."  Great!
Thank you- Appleton, Wisconsin!
    
   
Congratulations to   for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP!      
Please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005.  
THANK YOU, NEW YORK!
   
   
.  got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on   being nasty to me. Not nice!
Final #'s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified #'s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!
Thank you!    
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:
 
Thank you!    
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand??  
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune.  
Victory press conference was over. 
Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges?  
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
How come the   &amp;   show the new  News Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
Wow,   has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm!
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak &amp; losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
" :  Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If you're for Motherhood, he'll be against it!"
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
" :  Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals:   7,546,980;   5,481,737;   2,724,749" A BIG DIFFERENCE
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called "leaders" ever learn!
"Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story" 
via the Gateway Pundit:  
" :   We stand by Trump 100%"  Thank you!
I will be interviewed on   at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
" :     will defeat ISIS and    "
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
See Lyin' Ted, even the   (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio, not Trump!  
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women &amp; children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!
Wow, sleepy eyes   is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
I am interviewed on This Week on   this morning. Enjoy!
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!
Don't believe the   Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
The media is so after me on women  Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
" :         WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMP'S EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE.  "
" : Dear  , after doing a quick Google &amp; Twitter search there are over 15,000 women's groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop Lying."
" :  Let me help you Trumpophobes with math: Trump: ($10.3B-$1.2M 74' equity)/1.2M = 858,233%. S&amp;P: 1314.5%  "
" : Turns out   was wrong.   had nothing to do with it  "
" : Your instincts on foreign policy &amp; terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined."
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!
" :   blames   for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis."
Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz-  
" _:   Cruz &amp; Rubio are scared! WATCH -&gt;    "
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S.  I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
" _S_Freud:    They're all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all" A dead show
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs.   is wasting time
.  T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM "NO"
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
" :   dseyGrahamSC Talkers think about the future, Doers are already building it"  2016  "
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a "hell hole" and a mess and the failing   wrote a critical article. I was so right!
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!
. dseyGrahamSC and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!
It is amazing how  dseyGrahamSC gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
" : .  thank God is not a politician, but he's one heck of a fighter who will fight for us, the people."
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
" _Vito_08: "A picture is worth a thousand words"            "
" :   Donald Trump will be greater  president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for morality,Christianity.
" :     self-funded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters like  . Who owns Ted?"
" :  You have over 2M followers more than than  . This says something about how America feels.   🇺🇸"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank  ealSheriffJoe for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I’m the only one that was right from the beginning, &amp; now Lyin’ Ted &amp; others are copying me.
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyin’ Ted Cruz. Honestly, I can’t blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas— just another dishonest politician.
Thank you, Arizona!  
   
   
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!
Thank you, Arizona!  
     
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a  , under a serious emergency belongs!
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
  message from  !  
   
 
  message from  !      
 
  video:  
           
My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible   tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it.
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time &amp; time again I have been right about terrorism. It’s time to get tough!  
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it’s not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
" : Here's Trump   in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch.  "
" :   The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you."
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
" :    Dont worry Trump, They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop"
So the highly overrated anchor,  , is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong!
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES,  are never blamed by media? SAD!
Will be interviewed on   this morning. Enjoy!
" : What’s  's strategy to secure the GOP nomination? I’ll talk to the Republican front-runner.  ."
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
" : TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THAT'S THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US &amp; KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and   on Tuesday!   
     
Thank you- Tucson, Arizona! A great afternoon with 6,000 supporters!   on Tuesday!
   
. - You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work!  
. - Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!
 
. - Just watched you on   with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people!  
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20,000 amazing supporters! Get out and   on Tuesday. I love you!
   
Wow,   ratings are up 75% because it's "all Trump, all the time." The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great to be back in Arizona!
     
If crazy   didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
Crazy   says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
" : after tonight it is clear! Utah is  Country       Primary  4Trump  "
" AZ: Check out "HANNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX, AZ"    "
" : Honored to be in   with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC
" : Actually, no  ,   has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day, every show, trashing, negative, hate.
" : It's great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past 8 months  
" : 1st time I heard   I said "wow". I liked him! I then became a closet   fan. Today? He's the ONLY 1 I will vote for!
" : Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president; "We've Endorsed Him, We Believe In Him"  
" : Sheriff Joe Arpaio AZ Endorses Donald J Trump for President of the United States       "
" : Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. Gee, what happened to that 30% ceiling
" :    I totally agree!   is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE!"
Thank you- New York! I love you!
     
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing!  
Reading   of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
While I have never met   of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected!    
Watching  - fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. 
Love Utah- will be back!
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
I guess I have reached yet another "ceiling"  - 49.7%, with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you!  
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Everybody should boycott the   show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, &amp; the most overrated person on tv.
Thank you Arizona- I love you! 
     
Join me tomorrow!  
  
 
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who "choked" and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. Remember, I said- NO!  
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
.  got fired like a dog from RedState
and now he is the one leading opposition against me.
Senator  dseyGrahamSC made horrible statements about   – and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Join us in Salt Lake City, Utah- tonight!
   
 
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know.  
Highly overrated &amp; crazy   is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday.  
Please explain to the dummies at the    Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!
.  is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!
.  Editorial says "Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trump's is 7,533,692"-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
Crazy   is now complaining that    did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
Great news that   has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Crazy   supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel.  
Thank you, Missouri!    
Wow, just won Missouri!
I am making a big speech the night of the   debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
Yesterday was amazing—5 victories.  Lyin’ Ted Cruz
had zero. Things are going very well!
Is this what we want for a President?  
.   Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
" : . : I think   can beat HillaryClinton. And I'm looking forward to Trump being president.
.  You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
I will be interviewed on   at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on  _Joe at 7:40. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on   on   at 7:15 A.M.
Will be interviewed on   at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!
" :      That's funny, I switched to other media too, can't stand her"
" :  ealBenCarson I thank God you are on board with   to help him and us   Ty!!"
Thank you Marco, I agree!  
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at 
Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
Thank you Illinois!   
     
Thank you, North Carolina!      
   
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy   is unwatchable.
Thank you, Florida!   
     
Thank you, Northern Mariana Islands!    
   
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big &amp; over!
" :      If media wasn't so biased against Trump, he would've won all of the delegates.
" :   is trying so hard to bash   it's ridiculous" Don't worry, everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!
" _Styborski:           Hayes is looking depressed as well.  "
" :        I tried to give them a shot tonight, but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team."
" :        She's choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says."
" : Was going to watch   for the primary results but saw   - looks like   tonight"
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will "sing" again.
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down.
   
✅Florida
✅Illinois
✅Missouri
✅North Carolina
✅Ohio 
  
   
North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you!    
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter,  !      
Don't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.).
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
" :       Listening to interview on replay of   Savage Nation   DONALD TRUMP !!!!!" Thanks.
" :   WOW people are so misinformed on DonaldTrump character! Watch this video! Hillary and Bernie don't come close
" :   I believe that   will be the big winner tomorrow."  Thank you!
" :     Who started this mess, the protesters of course . And media made it worse."
Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it!   
 
THANK YOU - Youngstown, Ohio! I love you! Get out &amp;   tomorrow.    
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back!  
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now!  
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders.   
Video:    
Just received from  _14. 
Thank you Pete!   on 
Tuesday Ohio!  
   
LYIN' TED  
The failing   is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!
 
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party, Republican wins will be massive! 
 
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the  Channel
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!
" : It is repulsive that Trump was assaulted+politicians used that 2 further themselves+2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!"
Wow, Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail!  
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way
   
Video:    
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton &amp; 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you, Ohio!  
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. 
No way to run a country!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! 
   
Thank you Dayton, Ohio! 20,000 supporters- largest in airport history!      
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support!   today!  
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres!     
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman &amp; conservative.  
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri! 
   
   
Rumor has it that   is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman's  
 
Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. 

"I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better."
 ealBenCarson
Thank you!  Debate  
" aredWyand: Let's be clear..   is about "Never someone we don't own" You either play into it &amp; let them win or vote Trump.
Thank you America!  
   
Thank you Mark.  Debate   
" :  _Trump_Train     Trump is your man America. He is the best!! Vote for him!" Thank you!
Wow, you are all correct about   - totally biased and disgusting reporting.
Another Dishonest Politician 
   
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House. 
     
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
Thank you Hawaii!  
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
Thank you Michigan!  
Thank you Mississippi!  
Thank you!    
Thank you America!  
 
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
I hear  News /   came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll
The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total  . When you watch, remember!
Hawaii:
 
Idaho:
 
Mississippi:
 
Michigan:
 
 ID!  
 
 HI!  
 
 MI!  
 
 MS!  
 
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!
Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
" : Wishing our father tremendous luck in Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii today! Amazing father!    "
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you  !  
Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video:    
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for America.  
People forget, it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no &amp; they went negative. Extortion!  
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against It
 
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. I’ll be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!
Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000! 
Thank you!
I will be interviewed by   tonight at 10pm EST on  ! Enjoy!
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio: 
 
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- 
nobody grows them better. As 
President, I will protect your market.  
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted "excellent" reviews.  
" _sellers: Setup is underway   rally in Madison.    " Thank you!
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of  $'s in false ads!
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous  failures have ZERO credibility!
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do
" anetlarose1:       WASHINGTON VERSUS TRUMP ❤ &amp;TRUMPS SUPPORTERS ...  DOG"
" hadRowland3:      A solid interview and a fair one. Great job Mr. Trump. Keep up the good work.  "
.  and   did a 1 hour hit job on me today – totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to   and   for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are   in the ratings!
Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters:  
 
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn’t have a clue.
Thank you Michigan!    
FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to  ! Thank you  :    
I will be interviewed on   this morning. Enjoy!   
.  is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!
Thank you Kentucky!  
 
Thank you Louisiana!  
 
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship  Doral in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!
Thank you Willie Robertson! 
      
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship  Doral in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the  !
I am watching two clown announcers on   as they try to build up failed presidential candidate  . Fox News is in the bag!
Romney's failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win!
.  was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!
Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!
      
Getting ready to make my speech at  . A great honor!    
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing!  
To the people of Kentucky, 
Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure. 
   
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)
KY his 2nd choice!
Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!
Wow, big lines in Kansas.
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!).
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!
   
 
Thank you New Orleans, Louisiana!
   
   
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!
   
 
Thank you Cadillac, Michigan!  MI on 3/8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
   
 KS  
March 5, 2016 | Wichita, Kansas: 
   
U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election:  
Thank you Macomb County, Michigan!      
" : Mary Kissel is an SNL character, right? She's not a real person, right?  "  She is a major loser - no clue!
" ngieSteinberg: GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDIT   OFF THE AIR. Blah blah. A real dummy!  _Joe  
Thank you America!   
   
MY POSITION ON VISAS
   
   
The Better Business Bureau report, with an A rating for Trump University.  Debate    
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used.
Senator Sessions will serve as the 
Chairman of my National Security 
Advisory Committee.    
THANK YOU PORTLAND, Maine!
   
   
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it!  
Will miss  ealBenCarson tonight at the  Debate. I hope all of Ben's followers will join the  . We will never forget.
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
" : People are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. Not gonna happen  "
" reativeXwalk:   teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again."
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of "Trump"
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!
Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big "R" win!
" : I changed parties to vote for you, no one else measures up to you, The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake"
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
" ohnsmi01433966: The establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off."
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!
   
Video:    
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.
Video:    
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here:  
.  poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
" :     is 100% correct  . And u and the rest of u   muppets refuse to HEAR HIM." So true!
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
My wife   will be   w/   tonight at 7pmE on  . Enjoy! 
   
" :     I took Trump University class and saved my home!"
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale &amp; his no show voting!
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
" : FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds, it's a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio, who needed to win the state.
" : Marco Rubio just criticized Ted Cruz for underperforming tonight. Wow.  "
" : Looks like Rubio won't get any delegates from TX or AL because he didn't meet 20% threshold."
" : "A nearly impossible path to the GOP nomination" for Rubio, says  :   …"
" : For the record, most Democrats would much rather face Cruz than Trump"  So true!
Thank you Vermont!  
 
Thank you Arkansas!  
 
Thank you Virginia!  
 
Thank you Alabama!  
 
Thank you Tennessee!  
 
Thank you Massachusetts!    
Thank you Georgia!
   
Wow! Thank you Louisville, Kentucky! 
  on 3/5/2016! Lets  !
   
Lets go America! Get out &amp;  !  
 !
     
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Columbus, Ohio!  
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
Got the endorsement of Brian France and   yesterday in Georgia. Also, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!
Thank you Georgia! 15,000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out &amp;   tomorrow!    
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas, Tom Leppert, has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE!    
Thank you Brian France, Bill Elliott,  ,  , &amp;  yanJNewman!      
 
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled, but won't out of principle! See student surveys.  
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!
Thank you Virginia! 15,000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and   tomorrow!  
My wife   will be joining     tonight at 8pmE on  . Enjoy!  
Governor Alejandro García Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio “is no friend of Puerto Rico."  
   Instagram:    
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU, the American people!
  Video:    
"Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York"
   
 
Join me in Columbus, Ohio tomorrow!
   
 
Thank you America! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow!        
My sons, Don and Eric, are on   now 7:35. Great kids, enjoy!
Thank you  !
   
   
THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32,000 supporters tonight. Get out &amp; VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video:    
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now!  
Phylis Schlafly: 'Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All'  
Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers "like absolute trash" in order to pass Obama's amnesty.  
Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of "sex offenses." DISGRACE!  
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action.    
" : Rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol"
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician.  
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow.  
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!
     
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to "hit" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida
" harlesHodgson1:  A lot more water after this bombshell, Rubio. You are an enemy of America.    "
" : “It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.” –    "
" immyTheSaint09:    onnieMemo  hrisChristie anything is better than  "
" : It is a sad commentary little boy Marco Rubio can't win in his home state. Floridians despise him as a opportunist phony."
"    Marco 'Amnesty' Rubio is the front man of Amnesty.        
" :       GO TRUMP"
" onnieMemo: DonaldTrump is a leader. He is a successful person that, like me, isn’t afraid to tell it like it is." Governor  hrisChristie
We need to fix our broken education system!   
  
Video:    
THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out &amp;   on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!  
Incredibly proud of my son   &amp; his efforts on behalf of   in Memphis, TN.    
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004.  
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar
.  was just banned by   - their loss! Tough, loyal guy.
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!
I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didn't - total fabrication!
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem!
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
" _:   There's only one real candidate, and it's you! Donors control the other candidates!  " Thank you.
I will be on   at 8:30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!
" : Michigan GOP poll 2/24/2016 Trump 35.5 Rubio 15.0 Cruz 14.3 Kasich 12.8 Carson 8.3  " Wow!
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress!      
" : A majority of evangelicals believe   is best equipped to save the country.  "
" :   Trump is a genius. Rubio and Cruz are not. I want a brilliant mind to run this country."
" :   in contrast to Rubio and Cruz you look like a giant. They look terribly weak" Thank you!
What I would do on my first day in office.  
Watch:    
Thank you Texas! 10,000 amazing 
supporters!   
   
Never let them see you sweat!  
Thank you for your support &amp; 
friendship- Governor  hrisChristie!
     
They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp; dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker  Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!
I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!
" :       yup 200 Polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not Trump"
" :   Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he can't beat you ! Trump will win Texas !"
" :   trump won the debate. Disgusting Rubio said "peed" - is he still in junior high school."
" :  Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio (easy to get the two politicians confused) looked like desperate, panicked DC insiders tonight"
" :   "that's because you've never hired anyone to do work before" favorite line from tonights debate."
" : Tonight you proved to America you are the real deal. You took fire from all sides, stayed composed, returned fire and WON!
" :       he won almost all polls and Mark Halperin gave him an A-
" : Vote Early in the       will    "
" :    Also, all the things Rubio&amp;Cruz were using for hits, just petty. Trump, clearly the only one w/all the skills."
Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting!    
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy, but good.  
     
Thank you!  Debate Polls 
   
 !   
Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!    
Failed presidential candidate   was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp; didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
THANK YOU!  
   
   
FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina, it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide!
Thank you Illinois!    
Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night!
   
 
I'm going to do what   was totally unable to do- WIN!
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Schedule &amp; tickets:    
Signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous?  
Just for your info, tax returns have 0 to do w/ someone’s net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w/ FEC. They are great!
Why doesn’t   just endorse   already.
Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too late
now!
Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!
Great new poll. Thank you Texas!      
" hatteringTeef:       hates to see Trump's success when he was so pathetic
" :    Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!"
" :    Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BADLY! He's not relevant!"
" :   Love it!   is done. We need someone who is proven.   will make America Great Again"
" :   Trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion &amp; energy to  
" :   A vote for   or   is a vote for corruption, special interests and lobbyists. Trump for POTUS!
" :   Mr Tough Guy Romney should be backing Trump like Trump backed him last time  "
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out   Poll snd Q Poll.
Texas, Georgia &amp; many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement!
  VOTE VIDEO:    
" : That's why we are angry. The Republican Establishment will not support you. You are who the American people want!"
" :   This Texan will be voting Trump March 1st. Cruz is a fake Texan!"
. epChrisCollins  Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down!  
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!
Why would Texans vote for "liar" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
" _II: Oh great   is doing a   on   like losing the presidency wasn't enough  " He's a fool
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more.  Sad but true
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey  . He should be fired!
I am in Virginia  egentU Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here:  
I am self funding my campaign &amp; don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people!  
Watch:  
.  Poll and   say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio.   on   is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
  did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!
Melania will be interviewed by   on  _Joe now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!
THANK YOU NEVADA!
   
 ! 
Username: realdonaldtrump 
   
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
   
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
Exclusive interview w/ my wife  - tomorrow morning @ 8amE on  _Joe w/    . Enjoy!  
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My wife Melania will be on  _Joe  tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by   - Enjoy!
Thank you Sparks, Nevada!
 NV 

  Finder: 
 

   
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Great. Just reported on   that many people who supported  ebBush are now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didn't!
Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!
Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing, in and out. I love &amp; invest in Nevada!
Join us in Sparks, Nevada today! 
   NV 
 
" :    Rollins   Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process &amp; gets it right"
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
" : TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE....HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN, INDEPENDENT OR A REAGAN DEMOCRAT.
" :  Rollins gets it. Was just on   explaining how Trump wins the general election."  Thank you Ed!
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no!
Ted Cruz does not have the right "temperment" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS, NEVADA!
   NV
   
Join me live- now in Las Vegas, Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!  NV    
Ted Cruz said on   that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
A big fat hit job on   tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased.   said I would never run, a dope!
Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by   on  
Thank you Vermont!  VT 
 
Thank you Michigan!  MI
Trump 35%
Kasich 17%
Cruz 12%
Rubio 12%
Carson 9% 
Via: ARG
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! 
 NC on 3/15!
Trump 36%
Cruz 18%
Rubio 18%
Carson 10%
Kasich 7%
Via  
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon.  MA
 
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
Thank you Illinois! Great news!  IL on 3/15!
Trump 28%
Cruz 15%
Rubio 14%
Kasich 13%
Bush 8%
Carson 6%
Simon Poll/SIU
I will be on   tonight- from Las Vegas, Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy!      
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
Thank you for your endorsement  !    NV Video:    
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
" :   Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15. Absentee ballots have been sent out!  "
" : No matter what liar sleazeball   says about   in Tennessee. We have early voting and   has won.
I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!
" :      FLORIDIANS ARE UPSET BECAUSE RUBIO DID NOT DO WHAT HE PROMISED ONCE HE WAS ELECTED! VOTE TRUMP"
" : You really rocked them hard in S.C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!"
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
" : Nevada we are on our way!  NV   Caucus locator:    "
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
THANK YOU Atlanta, Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!    
Thank you South Carolina!   
A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re: Jeb.   
The failing   Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
Thank you   for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!
" liberation: This is the best reaction shot I've ever seen lol  "  
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
" arrollKuykend2: This veteran just voted   in the SC primary, let's make America great again!"
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
" arolyn82471448:     All aboard the Trump Train!"
" : Trump expressed concerns months after the Iraq War began, while 60% of Americans still supported the war.  "
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
" _micahk:       this veteran voted for Trump in TX early voting!  "
" :    ustice41ca   _For_Trump EVERYBODY ON TWITTER GET OUT TO VOTE FOR TRUMP TODAY IN SOUTH CAROLINA"
" :     is the only one who will protect American interests.    "
" NewMedia: WHY DOES TED CRUZ LIE SO MUCH? LET'S FACE IT TED NEVER CREATED EVEN 1 JOB HIS ENTIRE LIFE!  :  
" esisTyr:  Mr.Trump...BOTH Cruz AND Rubio are ineligible to be POTUS! It's a SLAM DUNK CASE!! Check it!  "
" :   is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio.  "  He is weak on illegal immigration!
" NewMedia:  Get out &amp;   if you don't   NOTHING will change it's that simple!    "
" :      TheTrump phenomenon summed up: “Leadership, Fighter and Winner.” Not a Liar  "
Lying   Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
" :   If you want a job next January  _For_Trump today.   will work for the people."
" :   I'm a Regan Dem and believe in your message! God bless you and your campaign!"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now!
Boycott all Apple products  until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs &amp; should demand security. It is time to get tough &amp; be smart!
I use both iPhone &amp; Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info.
I have built so many great &amp; complicated projects– creating tens of thousands of jobs-video:    
     
      
Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld   twice! I am the only one who will  !
I’m self-funding and I am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, &amp; allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp; freedom for consumer.
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, &amp; replace it w/ something much better.
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp; have been consistent- I will repeal all of  , including the mandate, period.
A message from  !    SC   
Video:    
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will  !  
" :  ĺ   Tonight on CNN   was GREAT. Loved the intimacy of conversation w the people"
Tonight I will be on   with   at 10pm and   w/   at 10:10pm. Enjoy!  SC  
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!    SC
   
Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party!
     
Join us tomorrow night in Charleston, South Carolina!      
Response to the Pope:
 
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
.  is changing their  theme from "fair and balanced" to "unfair and unbalanced." But dying   is worse.Their phony poll is a  joke!
Thank you South Carolina! Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  SC  
     
Thank you America!  
   
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie.
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls, the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll.
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah, South Carolina!    SC
  
 
THANK YOU AMERICA! 
     
Thank you Nevada!      
     
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%, he should take his dumb mouthpiece,  dseyGrahamSC, and just go home.
.  is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I won't, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
. , who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on  .
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I "would never be president" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
" hJLuc91:    ichardTBurnett  Scary how smoothly Cruz looks into the camera and lies about Trump, CANT be  !  "
" _sirin: BUSTED AGAIN:   in Hot Water Over Possibly Illegal Fundraising    " The guy is bad news
Why does   devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative?  Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!
" :        FOX: TRUMP HATERS R SCARED BECAUSE THEY LOSE -  TRUMP IS WINNING  "
Thank you    for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina.    
" :      They're too lame to get it, Sir. When you win the election they'll get it."
.  thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!
Explain to   and  , who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!
Will be interviewed by   tonight by phone- a late show first  BS  . Enjoy! 
   
Thank you, South Carolina!      
Thank you to the 2,500+ in North Augusta, South Carolina. Lines down the block! Don't forget to VOTE on Saturday!  
  is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero.      
Just sat down for a great interview with   in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina!  SC
Thank you!    
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you!  SC  
What a night! 10,000 amazing supporters in Greenville, South Carolina! THANK YOU!
VOTE on Saturday!  SC  
Thank you for your continued support!
   
RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ:  
   SC
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private "Eminent Domain" --- Just another clueless politician! 
 
Jeb used Eminent Domain &amp; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)
 
I'd like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue &amp; never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!
Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice, but didn't!
Wow, in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp; special interests - the bosses!
Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp; special ints
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
   
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
This shows what a complete &amp; total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really?  
" :    ebBush Jeb is incompetent and will lose, don't waste your energy on that cry baby!"
Even though every poll, Time, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate by a lot,   only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!
" :    you crushed the debate! Thank you!
 Debate    
Hey  - see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing!  Debate
 !  
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!
How can  ebBush beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the  Debate stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!
Thank you! I miss my father.   
Lightweight  ebBush said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie! 
 Debate
On the way to the  Debate with my wonderful wife  .
   
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/  ealBenCarson- saying I may not be on ballot &amp; I hold liberal positions. LIES!
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington &amp; Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!
Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
" mFree:   On  ,  , Shipping   To  : ‘I’m The Only One Who Understands What’s Going On’  "
" : I'm fed up w/ DC playing 3 card Monty w/ our tax $'s. It's time we the people play the Trump card, &amp; take back our country
" :   will rule  Primary!  "
" :    We know better than to trust the RNC  "   So cute!
Thank you, South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
   
"Get on Trump's List" email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. 
Email:  
" :   was right! Vote trump! Bring our jobs back.  "  I told you so, only going to get worse
" :   stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free DonaldTrump sticker. I support him and he's self funding!
" :     Trump will be our next POTUS..every American will benefit positivey from this."
" :  aldJTrump45     They are all going crazy! We the people do not care at all! We are with Trump!!"
" :   Let's Get United In America With    "
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview on   and article in Newsmax! Great insight
Totally unauthorized, do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn.  
 
The RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2,000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant.  
" : Nice column by Bill Donahue, head of Catholic League. He's a blue collar New Yorker and gets it  "
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch!   
 
Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
Word is that little Morty Zuckerman’s   loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing   will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back!
I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!  
 
 !  
Millions of $'s of false ads,  paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater    and sleepy  ebBush, are now running in S.C.
" :     Do Americans really want a Canadian-born president? First non native born in history?"
"    good I want to see the court decide what I was always told "natural born" means - born on American soil"
" :   you have just been put on notice   We Stand with you...  " Thankyou.
Last time lightweight  ebBush tried to knock off   he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time, he is out!
If   doesn’t clean up his act, stop cheating, &amp; doing negative ads, I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.
Lightweight  ebBush is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me, they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect &amp; ill-informed ads.
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get.
You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary.  
 
The failing  , destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman, is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead!
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.

Visit:  

Message from  :  
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
Lying Cruz put out a statement, “Trump &amp; Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage." Cruz is the worst liar, crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin &amp; others?   
THANK YOU- Baton Rouge, Louisiana! WE will  !    
Just landed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow!  
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/  ealBenCarson. How can he preach Christian values?  
" :       Ted Cruz is the definition of sleaze. Just ask  ealBenCarson"
Heading to Baton Rouge, Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon.   
 
We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest "pushpolls" on me. We are watching!
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember, it was the Republican Party, with the help of Conservatives, that made so many promises to their base, BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT
.  showed a focus group on  _Joe me using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize!
Jeb Bush spent more than $40,000,000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5, I spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!
There are no buyers for the worthless   but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
THANK YOU- Clemson, South Carolina!      
" : Which is it   ?Are you planning on getting rid of Common Core or keeping it?  Get rid of it fast.
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!
So funny, Jeb Bush called me a "highly gifted politician and a great entertainer" - I assume that is a compliment!
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Like the worthless  , looks like   will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money, no cred!
Worthless  , which dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless  , has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
" : My report card grades for the 2 New Hampshire winners: DonaldTrump A: v strong energy/close. BernieSanders B+: went too long
Thank you to the people of  New Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina.
Thank you, New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now!    
   
We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security.
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our "leader" - If I win it will be a very different story,with very fast results
New Hampshire vote today -  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
You can find your polling locations at: 
       NH  
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day!  NH 
Video:    
Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire!  NH
     
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on   at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy!
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
I know the "Governors" and Jeb Bush, who has gone nasty with lies, is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!
Remember  ebBush wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION ("come as act of love"). Not a leader!
Thank you, New Hampshire!    
Thank you, New Hampshire! 
     NH  
Voting questions?    
 NH    
 
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
Today's third stop- Londonderry, New Hampshire! Thank you!
   NH  
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they don’t get things done. Video:    
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of   and very weak on illegal immigration.
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem, New Hampshire.      
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!
My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on   at 7:02 - now! Enjoy.
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the  Debate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl.    
Thank you- Plymouth, New Hampshire!      
Thank you Newt!   
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! 5K+! Join us tomorrow:  
Great to meet everyone while having breakfast  hezVachon this morning!    NH
   
. Politics  Debate
     
I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy!  
I am on   now! Tune in!
I will be on State of the Union   with   at 9am. Enjoy!
" :  : "This has been a great debate for Donald Trump.""
" : Trump just talked on MSNBC like a man who knows he had a very good night."
" : Trump won that debate. People can huff &amp; puff all they like but he was the best candidate on the night.  Debate
" :  Jeb Bush was as ineffectual as ever. As always,  _Gergen calls it right: Trump held them off.  Debate"
" : Trump shows courage in defending eminent domain as a necessity for construction of infrastructure"
" : Trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making"
" : Trump, Kasich, Jeb and Christie all had good nights."
" : Latest UMass Tracking Poll. NH GOP Trump 35 (+1) Rubio 14 (-1) Cruz 13 (-1) Jeb 10 (+2) Kasich 10 (+2)"
" : Cokie Roberts says Donald Trump had a really good night."
" _Left_Me:   Donald Trump won that debate hands down, Christi beat up Rubio.
" : My debate report card: Christie A-, Trump A-, Bush B+, Kasich B+, Cruz B, Carson C, Rubio D. Full report cards here.
" : Cruz really seems out of his element in New Hampshire. It is such a different battlefield then Iowa and the South."
" :DonaldTrump: "The police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order."  Debate  "
" Politics: .  dominating   searches throughout  .   "
" Politics: .  led in   conversation during the  Debate.   "
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester, New Hampshire on 2/8! Register now:    
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
" :  : IA caucus hasn't picked nominee in 16 years! Cruz dirty tricks stole it. Trump way ahead in primary states.
" jeans: If I owned a big company that was failing, I'd hire DonaldTrump to make it great again-Rubio/Cruz wouldnt be considered"
" _carsonrocks: AMERICA...Stop being duped...WAKE UP Cruz &amp; Rubio establishment phonies. DonaldTrump only truthful &amp; not owned candidate"
" :       How come Rubio&amp;Cruz are going to turn America around but did nothing in the Senate for USA?"
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth, New Hampshire!     
 
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders &amp; the drugs will stop pouring in.  
" :        He is for America! Security for America! Jobs for America! There is no other leader!"
Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!
" :       is the only hope to  "
" :     all candidates liars. Trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what Trump is saying."
" :   Trump Will WIN the Debate like he has WON ALL the others! He is heads above the rest!  " Thanks!
" :   DonaldTrump: no raise in 8 years, home not worth what I paid for it, healthcare is a joke Obama is a liar.  TRUMP 2016"
Border agent: "We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether"
 
I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately! 
 
It never ends!   
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration, even with criminals. 
 
10,000 people in South Carolina, unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it.  
Really dumb  heriJacobus. Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility!
" : Donald Trump loves America! He loves Americans! He loves our Vets!  Supporters    
" :   why vote for Trump? Unlike politicians all talk, Trump’s talk materializes! He will make America great again
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday, February 10th!  
 
Heading to South Carolina, really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.
 
Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to  !
I very much look forward to tomorrow’s debate in New Hampshire—so many things to say, so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow.      NH 
 
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
Join us Monday, February 8th @ the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire!        
" :     I agree. Great businessman. I like your tone tonight! Keep it up &amp; you'll have this Democrats vote."
Watch   on NOW!  
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on   from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire, boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll, very nice!  
Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I won’t let them take away our guns!  
Watch:  
This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone, a misdemeanor at minimum.  
.   - as per the show, an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
 :   &amp;   discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote.  
Thank you   &amp;  . Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch.
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock, Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K.  
   
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to  !
 :    
Thank you New Hampshire!      
Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for "deceit and dirty tricks and lies."
Cruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against  - repeal and replace!
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote.    
I will be interviewed on   at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!  
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and "choice" - a total lie!
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that  ealBenCarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
Great job on   tonight      begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy!  
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd! 
    
   
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!
"    All you haters need to realize Trump got the second highest vote in history. And he's never held office!"
"   Iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward, run the table in NH SC NV and Super Tuesday. America needs you!  "
"    Amazing job in Iowa! Cruz just barely won."
"    if you can do that well in Iowa then I see you acing it in all other significant states. Momentum is growing"
"    You MUST win the Presidency in 2016 !!!"
. _Joe   barnicle on  : He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro"
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it!
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp; Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join us!  
11am WATERLOO:  
1:30pm CEDER RAPIDS:    
.  &amp; his wife   attended the  - here w/ Governor  .  
Watch   show you how easy it is to   in Iowa!   Video:    
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places!  
It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
  Video:    
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with   this morning. Enjoy!
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With    this morning. ENJOY!
If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000.
By not doing the failed, poorly rated debate, I was able to make the point of not allowing "unfairness" - while raising $6,000,000 for VETS.
Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal &amp; replace. He lies!
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam!
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!
.  is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz.  
.  asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony  
.  is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters "in violation." They are now under investigation. Bad!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
   
   
   
   
 
I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. Video:  
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers, behind the scenes in Iowa!      
" :      damn fox is really acting like a baby today. I guess Trump got under their skin - pretty biased!
" :     So Bill if America was SO LONGING to learn more about candidates why the 50 percent audience loss?"
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa!     
Tickets:    
.   The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!
.  is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS.
Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like  , who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator  is endorsing Canada Ted!
.  looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?   
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than   as your Senator. Saw him on   - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
Thank you for all of your support Iowa!
   
  finder:    
They say that if I participated in last night’s Fox debate, they would have had 12 million more &amp; would have broken the all time record.
Thank you, America!  
Via  _REPORT  
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque, Iowa!     
 
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire! 
   
   
"Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU!" John Wayne Walding 
 
Thank you!
Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents. 
Trump 47% Clinton 43%  
Great Twitter poll- and I wasn't even there. Thank you!  Debate  
Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy &amp; proud
Thank you for your interest &amp; support during last nights  Debate!   finder:    
Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll!    
Thank you for your support!
 
Thank you, America!   
  • 2/1/2016 • 6:30pm
 !

Iowa caucus finder:    Debate  
Thank you for the kind words tonight,  . You were great! See you soon!
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely.
  Video:    
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked!  Debate
Watching biased Charles  , a   flunky who didn't know that I won every debate, in particular- the last one. Check polls!
"Donald Trump Hands Bill O’Reilly Cable TV Viewership Win"-  - 
    Finder:
   
I hear that  ’s $$ man, Robert Mercer, a good man, is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Ted’s) holdings.?
20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016: Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C.  
Tennessee GOP Poll
 
Trump 32.7%
Cruz 16.5%
Carson 6.6%
Rubio 5.3%
Christie 2.4%
Jeb 1.6%
It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you!  4Vets
 
    Finder:
   
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done!      
“What America Needs: The Case for Trump” Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord  effJlpa1 Available now.  
" : I hope   has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching  . Watching Trump tonight  Debate"
" : So   brings in   to add credibility in her fight with  ?   News  "
" :  _Report_    "
" :   Pathetic attempt to bribe   He can't be bought"
The "debate" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this.
" :   why do they have so many debates this year?? Also, why is Cruz still allowed to run, he's not eligible"
" :   Mr. Trump, why does Cruz hate Canada so much. He should embrace his roots, it's a great country"  So true!
Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.
" G4NY: new   WSJ poll shows   pulling ahead of   in  .  "  Great!
" ick_Gobbi:   ...Hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is."  GREAT IDEA!
" :     Sounds like the advertisers want Trump, he knows what he is doing.
"@_HankRearden: I respected Cruz ppl until this lie. We're just tired of it from your side. 1949z    "  NO!
" :    debate Cruz one on one. I would just tell him that you were to busy running for the President of USA, not Canada"
" JCboi:        arolde   Checked YOUR wallet lately, Mr Ailes?"
" :   takes   hit on advertising revenues by screwing with   ROFL!  "
" :  _r 9 pm channel 70 CNN I will be watching Trump tonight. Want to have a person in the White House that takes no BS."
" :  Politics     is fighting corruption. Big donors took over Cruz. No to Donors"
" :       And this is the bimbo that's asking presidential questions?  "
" :   Our ReTrumplican Trump support group of 9500 members say 97% will not watch the debate tonight!"
" _r:   Looking forward to watching Donald Trump rally Thursday night on CNN!!"
    Finder:
   
On Greta, 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if I'm not in it. Wow- what an honor!
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!
Thank you- Lexington, South Carolina!
   
   
It was the childishly written &amp; taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter,  .
I will be interviewed on   tonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists &amp; special interests.    
Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
The statement put out yesterday by   was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
CBS's FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001
     
 
Pathetic attempt by   to try and build up ratings for the  Debate. Without me they'd have no ratings! 
 
Thank you, America!
     
"Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation" 
 
"Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump"   
 
THANK YOU!  
  finder:    
Do you think   knows about   dealings? Actually, I doubt it!
Should I do the  debate?  
.  begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100,000 for himself—a bad guy!
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!
    
 
For the great people of Iowa, find your   location at   - so important to vote!  
Why doesn't phony    tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying
I will end common core. It's a disaster.
 
     
" :   The next president isn't on ur stage.   is the next president."
" ynsFriend:   CRUZ IS DONE    hrisCuomo"
" : .  Idiot Bob Plaats on CNN is DELUDED! Cruz's favorability ratings are 0%, NO ONE LIKES HIM. VOTE TRUMP INSTEAD!"
"  hits new heights in national poll at 41%"  
"Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC News/WaPo poll with 37%:  "  
I will be interviewed by   on  sMaria    at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy.
" :   _Trident   it makes me not wanna watch debate because I know they are going to treat Trump unfair"
I will be doing     this morning at around 7:00. Likewise, I will be doing  _Joe at around 7:00. Figure it out!
" _Trident: A huge disappointment to see   constantly attack DonaldTrump. It has become almost unbearable to watch her show."
" :     just google glenn beck bio. U can tell no education, very poorly written.
" :    rusade4Honesty     I believe in Trump!!!"
" rusade4Honesty:       Megan can not contain her bias, it's in every show, Fox owners Saudi Prince agnstT"
" ackBurtonReflx:        I listen to Glenn Beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense. Same with The View."
" :  SitRoom      It will never happen. Fox will drop Kelly if it means no Trump. Nobody will watch w/o Trump."
" : My pal   was just on Megan Kelly's show! He digs Trump.  Thank you David, you were great!
" :          BECK wanted to commit suicide after   surgery, clearly is unbalanced!"
Thank you - Farmington, New Hampshire!      
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly.  
"  &amp;   leading POLLS w/ one week until  Caucus ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on   7PM"
Phyllis Schlafly’s Eagle Forum: ‘National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year’  
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it!  
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #'s are way down!
I will be on  SitRoom with   from 5-7pm est. on  .
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
Find out where to   on caucus night in Iowa on 2/1/16!
      
   
Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals-  
Join us in Iowa, tomorrow!       
3:00pm:   
7:30pm:  
I will be on The Situation Room with   from 5-7pm est on CNN
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters.   
Video:  
IPSOS/REUTERS POLL
Thank you!   
   
It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race
" keteltas: Rubio isn't experienced enough to be Commander in Chief. Rubio is a carbon copy of Obama. We need a true leader Vote Trump"
" :    _   LET'S GET TRUMP!! GO TRUMP!! USA!USA!"
" :   will be overtaken by  . We are superior and have more supporters.    ."
" :   4Constitution trump right again  ! Nobody supports Canuck Cruz     
" :   Hillary is so afraid of him. The GOP is afraid of him. The American people embrace him! Let's elect him,  DonaldTrump
" : From Canada to Goldman Sachs to the kitchen sink, Trump has picked Cruz apart for 2 weeks.  "
" :    BSNews ... You are like Superman, everywhere! But I'm keeping up.  Great!
" :    News   Everyone B smart! U know deep down Trump is the ONLY 1 able to best LEAD"
" _:     It's time we take America back! No more puppet presidents!  " So true!
" __org:   You said it best!    "
Fox News Poll
Thank you, New Hampshire!  
   
New Fox News Poll
Thank you, Iowa!   
   
I will make our Military so big, powerful &amp; strong that no one will mess with us.      
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S.  BSNews  Enjoy!
I will be on   this morning at various times across the U.S.  News  Enjoy!
" :   i honestly believe you are the only one who can make  .
" : Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb.
" : .  Great comment after last rally   on   "Triumph with Trump or lose with Cruz."  "
" arolBurnett3:    I just love the way Ann Coulter remembers your acts of kindness Donald Trump....GO Trump we love you"
" : Full Speech: Donald Trump Campaign Rally in Pella IA (1-23-16)   via   One of his best ever"
Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. 
 
review-doomed
Word is that crying   left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges.  
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa.
I will be on FOX with the great   tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy!  
.  such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
Heading now to Pella, Iowa. Big crowd! Remember, Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!
For the great people of Iowa, find your   location at  . So important to vote!  
Just left Sioux Center, Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!
A wonderful story on Iowa voters by   of the  . 
 
Failing   lost all credibility. Not only was he fired @ FOX, he would have voted for Clinton over McCain.  
Based on  's conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
Heading to Sioux County, Iowa, where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen!
.  has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history.     
   
" : Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb. JEB wants Common Core
" : One year from today.  "
I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!
" SouthwasRite:   cancelling my subscription- you people are idiots.   WILL be our next President.    "
A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. I am for the people and the people are for me.   
 
Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. &amp; is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi, low interest loans. No legal disclosure &amp; never sold off assets.
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for  . He could be Canadian Prime Minister.
Cruz says I supported TARP, which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs, the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose. Puppet!
The only reason irrelevant   doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
. , one of the National Review lightweights, came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that?
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin.
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?
Rush Limbaugh is great, tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush!  
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
Just received the new Fox poll.
Thank you, America!    
Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers.
Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!
New National GOP Zogby Poll
   
   
"National Black Republican Association Endorses Donald J. Trump"     
 
New Reuters poll! Thank you!
     
The dying   National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
Wow! This might be my highest # yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective &amp; have been for years!  
" :   Poor Jeb. I could've sworn I saw him outside Trump Tower the other day!  "
" _Milicaj: Truth be told, I  never heard of The National Review until they "tried" to declare war on you. No worries, you got my vote!"
After spending $89 million,  ebBush is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name "Bush" in ads. Low energy guy!
The failing   National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
" : Poll: Trump has more support in Florida than Rubio and Bush combined.    "
" yberCiety:   clarified how   is used to interpret meaning of    Cruz  "
" :  , Washington Post: Constitutionally speaking,   simply isn’t eligible to be president  "
Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated, "Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President." Big problem
" :   calls Cruz "constitutional hypocrite" on          
 Cruz eligibility to be President not settled law, says Cruz' Constitutional Law Professor,    "
" _:     With your help we can  !  "
" :   No sleep for the  !"
" :  Isn't it time we had a president? Let goofy Glen keep Canada Cruz who can't win. The American people have Trump!"
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldn't have roads, highways, airports, schools or even pipelines.
The late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review!
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead.
National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!
Thank you, Iowa!    
     
Why does   have a fired Bushy like dummy, John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot, she wants no part of Trump.
     
Thank you, New Hampshire!
   
Thank you!    
Thank you, Iowa!    
Happy birthday to my friend, the great   - a totally special guy!
New Day on CNN treats me very badly.  lisynCamerota is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
Low energy candidate  ebBush has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!
Sad sack  ebBush has just done another ad on me, with special interest money, saying I won't beat Hillary - I WILL. But he can't beat me.
So sad that   and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!
" mericanAsPie:      Remember when Glenn gave out gifts to ILLEGAL ALIENS at crossing the border? Me too!"
" :       "
   
UNIFYING THE NATION
Video:    
" _:   You're the only candidate we can trust, other candidates are controlled by their donors!  "
Wacko   is a sad answer to the   endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing, crying, lost soul!
" : Trump destroyed Hillary &amp; Sanders moved in. But he didn't destroy her, Trump did.  " So true!
New CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you!      
Bob Dole Warns of ‘Cataclysmic’ Losses With Ted Cruz, and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times:  
Thank you, New Hampshire!  
     
Thank you, Florida!    
15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k, but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks!  
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with   to Tulsa- massive crowd expected!  
   
LIFE CHANGING EXPERIENCE
Video:    
" : Breaking News: Sarah Palin has endorsed Donald Trump in the GOP primary - appeal to Tea Party loyalists  "
" _fournier: President Donald Trump (just getting used to it)" Wow, very nice!
I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palin's endorsement tonight. 
Video:    
Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment:
 
      - VIDEO:    
“Palin’s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower,” said Ralph Reed, the chairman of the Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition.
Wow, the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that "Ted Cruz must be defeated." Big shoker! People do not like Ted.
A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne's daughter....read:    
In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. Up by 14! Cruz dropped 3.  
Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University, yesterday-  .  
Thank you Georgia! I appreciate all of your support.    
. - Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy &amp; I really appreciate your words &amp; support. I will see you soon!
On my way to Iowa- just received new national poll numbers. Thank you!
     
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people, including Karl Rove, losers-true! I never called my friend   a loser- he’s a winner!
.  Conflicting Stances on Birthright Citizenship [14th Amendment] Gives   credit.  
Wow, new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!
. BrodyFile great job on  . Thank you for the very smart and kind words!
". BrodyFile Exclusive:   Says He Will Protect Evangelicals Better Than    …    "
I don't think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd, unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki!  
We launched a new series of   videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch:    
A great morning with everyone  ! Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now.   
   
Leaving for Liberty University. I'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd.  
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us  .  
Thank you   for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH &amp; IA radio ad:  
" :   great on      oNosuchinsky too"  Thank you Ben for your nice comments on debate!
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money, not controlled.  Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses.
Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S., or we won't have a country anymore!
Big announcement in Ames, Iowa on Tuesday! You will not want to miss this rally!      
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S., rather Airbus!
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion, 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!
Interesting read from Peggy Noonan.  
Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about &amp; demeaning?  
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions, $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul, &amp; $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite
Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm! Thank you!    
Greatly dishonest of   to file a financial disclosure form &amp; not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
When will   give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
Everybody that loves the people of New York, and all they have been thru, should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money, does another for votes. 
 
Great new numbers. Thank you! 
   
   
Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!
Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a "natural born Canadian," did he borrow unreported loans from C banks?
Oh no, just reported that Ted Cruz didn't report another loan, this one from Citi. Wow, no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate.
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wife's employer, and his lender, is located there!
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!
Ted Cruz said he "didn't know" that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders, we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct.
.  is a total clown. Has zero credibility!      
.  please explain to the very dumb and failing   that I supported John McCain big league in 2008, not Obama!
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!
.   Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on   tonight. You are a true champion! Thank   - great guy!
"    got ass kicked by   last night-He offended every New Yorker &amp; has no answer to Natural Born issue
Jusr watched    on   - he was great!
Top searched candidate by state, as seen in the  Debate media filing center. WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush.
Jeb Bush, who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero, just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O.
WSJ/NBC Poll: Donald Trump Widens His Lead in Republican Presidential Race.    
"@_BScarb: Enjoyed watching   at his rally yesterday!  I've never seen the Bay Center that packed!  "
" :    Lewandowski_ no one wants a Bush or a Clinton, they want a straight shooter like TRUMP!"
" Lewandowski_: Massive crowd in Pensacola, Florida! Unbelievable! THANK YOU!    "
" : Thousands packed into the Pensacola Bay Center to see Donald Trump tonight...  "  A fantastic evening!
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated.
" : Standing with   as he defends our sailors and military and Americans in the USA  "
" :     There isn't anything Donald Trump says that I don't agree with. Go Trump!"
. BrodyFile: "Trump's appeal to evangelicals is real"      
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win!
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures &amp; images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails @ virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign,his book,etc. Why does   put him on?
Why does   &amp;   waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist, Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?
. - unbelievable job on  News with  . That was better than I could do!  
THANK YOU!   
 
THANK YOU, IOWA! Highly respected     poll just released.    Caucus  
Thank you!  
 
My nomination would increase voter turnout.   
   
 
Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!
" :  arolde  _Lady_Colors       ceofSpadesHQ THIS ELECTION IS ABOUT AMERICAS FUTURE, VOTE TRUMP"
Thank you for your support last night, Iowa!            
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW!
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!
Just found out that   is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice, but OK! New polls are great.
The   speech is really boring, slow, lethargic - very hard to watch!
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia.  
New CBS poll.  
 
Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you!      
Such a serious problem for Ted &amp; the GOP. Great doubt, Dems will sue! Let's all work together to solve this problem.  
On my way to Cedar Falls, Iowa, now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa!
THANK YOU!    
The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!
.  horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Don't blame Mitt! Now Stevens can't get a job!
" Lewandowski_: .  --failed "strategist" who can't find clients criticizes winning  . Stop complaining &amp; try winning
Fantastic job on    tonight.   is a winner!  
Don't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful   at 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed!   
Face The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW!   BSNews  
.  Major Garrett of  BSNews covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda, bad reporter!
Thank you Michael Harrison   for your kind words - greatly appreciated!
Will be on   with  immyFallon on   at 11:35pmE. Enjoy!    
.  recently said that she can’t be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way, who the hell wants to woo her!
New Iowa poll. Thank you!
     
. inglingBros is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.
Congratulations to   of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters!
     
So professional of   news to throw out the failing   newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive, highly unethical!
Great job on Fox this morning  . I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
Congratulations to my friend  SlyStallone on winning a  . A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!
Why does   w/   allow a hater &amp; racist like   to waste good airtime?   can do much better than him!
Thank you to our law enforcement officers!      
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters, try getting a new publisher!
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH.
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
If their highly unethical behavior, including begging me for ads, isn’t questionable enough, they have endorsed a candidate who can’t win.
I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate.  
Remember, get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch...
Heading now for Reno, Nevada, for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!
In the just out   Poll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
" : Trump pummels his opponents - and the press | SunHerald    "  Thank you!
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
Will be on Meet the Press with  huckTodd tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
I'm protesting the   from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved!
(2/2) David brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! Read it! 
 
(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person.    
. onahNRO, watched on   and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you.
Thank you,  Fix- Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion &amp; do what is right.  
Constitutional law expert    Tribe of Harvard says "wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled).
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on   - way to go Pat, way ahead of your time!
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5,000 turned away. Thank you for coming!
Will be at venue, in wonderful South Carolina, very soon. Big traffic back-up, tremendous crowd! Will be wild.
 News Poll - THANK YOU!
     
     
Love seeing union &amp; non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their   leaders can’t compete!
I hope all workers demand that their   reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Don’t let them sell you out!
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!
Not good news for Jeb Bush   
Hank Greenberg, formerly of AIG, gave $10 million to the  ebBush campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy, a total waste of money!
" :   You did great and showed courage going to Burlington. No other GOP candidate would do what you did tonight!"
" _sprnva:     I agree with you on this.   won't be good. He will be great!"
" :  ebBush Key State Florida Poll: Trump 32% Beats  -  Combined    "
" : DonaldTrump, wish I could attend one of your rallies, none are close enough. Make America Great Again for my Kids.Thank you
Great time in Burlington, Vermont. Crowd was amazing.
We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable!  
I'm leaving now for Burlington, Vermont. It will be wild!
Joy Behar, who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings, is even worse on  . We love Barbara!
The    , once great when headed by  , is now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad!
Hillary and her friends!  
Weak &amp; ineffective  ebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for  ebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!
.  Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now &amp; seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!
Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!
I will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!
.  was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp;P last year, plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.
The failing   newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate!
Do you believe that   in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them, just received:  
I will be on   for a  SitRoom interview today. Please join us 5PM ET.
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early!
Don’t like  ’s golf swing.  Not athletic. I’ve won many club championships. Play him for charity!
I don’t cheat at golf but   cheats—with his game he has no choice—and stop doing commercials!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son,  ! Very proud of you!
   
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
" _berta:   Trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do, attacked the media for all their lies"
" rkaysDesign:     Have to get people of all ages out to vote for Donald Trump!"
" ompresPhyllis:      I am so glad u are for Trump your program is my favorite. The Don is by far the best"
" :   Women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales. And Hillary wants to take those rights away from women!"
" :   mr trump you were excellent on   tonight"  Thank you!
" : # ISIS Reportedly Murders Spies Calls   'Slave of the  ' Video     ARE YOU WELCOME NOW"
" : .   Somewhere in that crowd am I. The Gymnasium was electric, the crowd unstoppable &amp;   Kingly."
" ubinsteinNel:    _brendan   If Trump doesn't win, we may not be able to recuperate America."
" :   gave an AWESOME speech in Claremont tonight!!
" _brendan:   if   doesn't win, I'm leaving this country  4President"
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support!  
"     I love it when TRUMP calls out MSM for what they really are!  Cams starting to show crowds at rallies!"
"    What's wrong with showing Morocco? Nothing! It illustrates a Point! Duh! Love the video!"
I don’t know  , to best of my knowledge haven't played golf w/him &amp; think he does too many TV commercials—boring. Not a fan.
Wow   circulation in NH has dropped from 75,000 to around 10—bad management. No wonder they begged me for ads.
" :   My Facebook Groups are all voting TRUMP /4000 people! !!" Great!
" :   watched lowell mass speech. Awesome. Great crowd. Make America Great Again!!!!!!"
" _lol: Iowa key endorsement for   Can't wait for the Iowa caucus in 4 weeks!    "
" :  winRo47796972        Minimizing dependency on China is crucial.Only Trump talks about that
" :     Donald get big business back and# MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN FOR 2016"