The question in this election: Who can put the plans into action that will make your life better?  
If we stand together, there's nothing we can't do. 

Make sure you're ready to vote:    
Both candidates were asked about how they'd confront racial injustice. Only one had a real answer.  
This election is too important to sit out. Go to   and make sure you're registered.   -H
When Donald Trump goes low...register to vote:    
Donald Trump lied to the American people at least 58 times during the first presidential debate. (We counted.)  
“She gained about 55 pounds in...9 months. She was like an eating machine.” —Trump, a man who wants to be president:  
It's  . Celebrate by registering to vote →    
"I love this country.
I’m proud of this country.
I want to be a leader who brings people together."
—Hillary  
We don’t want to turn against each other.
We want to work with one another.
We want to set big goals in this country.
 
"What we hear from my opponent is dangerously incoherent. It's unclear what he's saying, but words matter." —Hillary
One candidate made it clear he wasn’t prepared for last night’s debate. The other made it clear she’s prepared to b…  
"What kind of a person would want to root for 9 million families losing their homes?

One who should never be president." —Hillary on Trump
"I don’t think that any family should have to pay more than 10% of their income on child care.” —Hillary  
"I’m really glad my dad never had a contract with Donald Trump.” —Hillary  
When you work hard, you should not be living in poverty.  
"We may have a record-setting turnout in this election.

We could have the biggest turnout we've ever had."  
"You can go to   to make sure you are registered. And I hope you all will.” —Hillary  
Join Hillary live in NC for her first rally since winning last night's debate →    
“Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate. And you know what else I prepared for?

I prepared to be…  
Hillary was the winner of the first presidential debate—and newspapers across America agree.  …  
"She gained a massive amount of weight...it was a real problem." —Trump this morning on Alicia Machado  
When you have a really, really good night.    
"Register. Vote. Go out and get engaged!” —     
"I'm glad Trump found out that Crimea was part of Ukraine. By the way, I heard he was on the verge of acknowledging gravity." — 
“Let me tell you who built this damn country: the middle class.” — 

Let's keep building it, together:  
One moment last night that proved—again—that Hillary's the only candidate ready to lead on the global stage:    
"Anyone who complains about microphone problems is not having a good night." —Hillary  
Trump on Alicia, 1996: "Miss Piggy."

This morning: "She gained a massive amount of weight...it was a real problem."  
"I have a winning temperament." —Donald Trump last night 

Really?    
Only one person on last night's stage is prepared to be Commander-in-Chief. Make sure she gets the chance:…  
43 days left. Let’s go win this thing:      
   
Donald Trump called her "Miss Piggy" and "Miss Housekeeping."

Her name is Alicia Machado.    
The presidency isn't a reality show—it's as real as it gets. Make sure you're registered to vote:…  
Text IMWITHHER to 47246 to tell Hillary you're on her team all the way to Election Day.    
RT this if you're proud to be standing with Hillary tonight.    
Hillary just proved she's the only candidate who's ready to be president. Chip in now and let's go win this thing:  
When Donald Trump says he has a "winning temperament."    
The woman Trump called “Miss Piggy” has a name: Alicia.    
"When Donald Trump spends 11 hours testifying in front of a congressional committee, he can talk to me about stamina." —Hillary  
Donald Trump's "cavalier attitude about nuclear weapons is so deeply troubling.”    
. : Barack Obama is your president too.  
A man who can be provoked by a tweet should not have his hands anywhere near the nuclear codes.  
This should go without saying: Taking nuclear war lightly is disqualifying for anyone seeking to be President of th…  
"I hope the fact-checkers are turning up the volume. Donald Trump supported the invasion of Iraq.”  
What is the deal with Donald Trump and Russia?    
When Donald Trump goes low, we go high.    
When a man is sued for discriminating against black tenants &amp; pushes birtherism, he's giving you an idea of what kind of president he'd be.
Donald Trump's answer for his five years of pushing the racist birther conspiracy theory?

"I say nothing."  
"Trump just criticized me for preparing for this debate. You know what else I prepared for? Being president."  
President Obama was born in the United States. He’s American. Trump only has one reason for refusing to admit it.  
Still a complete lie.   
 
Donald Trump is more concerned with pandering to the gun lobby than keeping families safe.    
The fact that Trump's answer to a question about racial injustice is just "we need law and order" pretty much says it all.  
We’ve got to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system and end private prisons.    
We are not going to bring New York’s unconstitutional stop-and-frisk program nationwide.  
"Maybe he didn't do a good job." —Donald Trump

Looks like you “loved” it at the time.  …  
"It's about time this country had somebody running it who has an idea about money." —Trump    
Paying zero in taxes doesn’t make you "smart."

It makes you a tax evader.  
No wonder Donald Trump is hiding his tax returns.    
Donald Trump may live in his own reality—but we've got his own words right here. Check them out:    
We can step up and confront climate change, save our planet, and invest in clean energy. 

Or, we can do nothing.…  
"I never said that." —Donald Trump, who said that.    
"That's called business." —Donald Trump on the housing crash.

For millions of Americans it was called "losing their home."  
Economists project that Trump’s plans would add more than $5,000,000,000,000 to the national debt. That's "trillion" with a "T."
Every time Trump makes a show of railing against outsourcing, remember the countries he shipped jobs and profits to:  
Having a small business owner for a dad may not get you multi-million-dollar bailouts, but it does teach you the va…  
There's only one candidate on stage who will support working families.    
We have to build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top.    
Watch live: Hillary takes the stage for the first presidential debate →    
Let's do this.    
If you're with Hillary, now's the time to show it. Chip in before tonight's debate to have her back:    
No matter what Donald says at tonight's debate, we already know the real Trump.

Follow   for the fa…  
Hillary’s set to take the debate stage at 9pm ET.

Here's where you can watch:      
“You didn’t blame Little John or Meat Loaf. You fired Gary Busey.

These are the kinds of decisions that would keep…  
Here are 35 questions Trump still needs to answer.    
Watch this before you watch tonight's debate.    
Trump told 31 outright lies just last week.

Keep him honest at tonight's debate: Follow   to get th…  
"Our presidents are role models for generations of our children. Is this the example we want for them?" — …  
These headlines on Trump's lies are from just one week of his campaign.

Imagine four years of his presidency.  
Everything you need to know before watching tonight's debate:    
Tonight, Hillary will debate Trump for the first time. Follow   to make sure he's held accountable to the facts.  
A reminder heading into tonight's debate.    
"Donald Trump is a man who dwells in bigotry, bluster and false promises." —     
Our daughters deserve better.  
Not a single living president has endorsed Donald Trump.  
Trump can't win tonight's debate by lying to the American people.  
RT this if you've got Hillary's back tonight.    
When we come together, there's no problem we can't solve and no divide we can't heal.  
Today, the sacrifices of Gold Star families weigh heavier on my mind. Thank you. I will fight to get you the care &amp; benefits you deserve. -H
59 years ago, 9 brave students integrated Central High School, changing the course of history. Let's recommit to fi…  
Let's send Donald Trump—and the world—a clear message.      
Imagine Donald Trump sitting in the Situation Room making life or death decisions on behalf of the United States.  
"[Hillary] is one of the most qualified people ever to run for the office, and she easily earns our endorsement.”…  
Our veterans and their families deserve a president who doesn't disrespect and disparage their sacrifices.  
7 ways Hillary's policies would help you in your daily life:  
Gold Star families have made sacrifices most of us can't even fathom. They deserve our respect and our thanks.  
Not one living president has said they believe Donald Trump has what it takes to be Commander-in-Chief.  
Meet three women who inspired Hillary to become the person she is today:    
"Our endorsement is rooted in respect for her intellect, experience, toughness and courage." —  on Hillary…  
The new   is an overdue tribute to African American history. Let's build a more open, inclusive future by reflecting on our past. -H
"Our choice, Hillary Clinton, has a record of service and a raft of pragmatic ideas." —  endorsing Hillary…  
"I thought, this woman—I want to ride with her." —Roxie, a Republican and small business owner, on meeting Hillary  
Hillary's been fighting for women and girls her entire career—and she's just getting started.  
"A lifetime’s commitment to solving problems in the real world qualifies Hillary Clinton for this job." —   
We know all too well who Donald Trump is. Let's make sure he never becomes president:    
RT if you believe that  

Then make sure you're registered to vote:    
Donald Trump doesn't see people like Anastasia—he only sees disability.  
"Hillary Clinton is one of the best prepared candidates to seek the presidency." —   
If the young women of this country have Donald Trump as their president, what will they think of themselves?  
Republicans are once again turning their backs on the people of Flint who have waited far too long for help. It's w…  
"I was just blown away by this 9-year-old girl." —Hillary on meeting disability rights advocate    
"Donald Trump committed perjury. Or he looked into the faces of the Republican faithful and knowingly lied."  
"Hillary Clinton would make a sober, smart and pragmatic president. Donald Trump would be a catastrophe." —   
Addiction is a disease—not a moral failing. We should support those who are struggling with it.    
Charlotte should release police video of the Keith Lamont Scott shooting without delay. We must ensure justice &amp; work to bridge divides. -H
"She gives us hope for the future. She's our girl."  —Roxie, co-owner of  , on Hillary  
When Donald Trump speaks about women, our daughters can hear him.  
Is this the president we want for our daughters?  
"He's 70 years old, and he's still a bully." —Karen on    
Our favorite moments from Hillary's appearance on Between Two Ferns →    
"Vote." — _Manuel    
"I really regret doing this." —Hillary on Between Two Ferns  
Let's make sure nobody who works full-time in America has to live in poverty.    
Donald Trump's ties to Russia may conflict with America's interests—but they're great for his bottom line.  
Very concerned about the outage in Puerto Rico and the millions of families who don't have power. Hoping it's resto…  
The man who could be your next president may be deeply indebted to another country. Do you trust him to run ours?  
Most people who are bullies grow out of it. 

Donald Trump hasn't.  
"Donald Trump doesn't see people like me, he only sees disability. I honestly feel bad for someone with so much hat…  
"I think this is the most important election in my lifetime."   takes the 🎤 in this week's podcast:  
Donald Trump is really good at spending other people's money—on:

Legal settlements.
Payoffs.
Portraits of himself.  
Trump should have to answer exactly why he refuses to believe that   is American.  
No child should ever have to grow up in poverty, yet far too many do. We have to do better. Here's how:  
"You would think there is almost, like, something wrong." —Donald Trump on Mitt Romney failing to release his tax r…  
Going to bat for kids who are too often counted out has always been a priority for Hillary.  
.  is more than just a great running mate—he's a great guy to have as a friend, too.  
We need a president who sees the best in all of us.  
A disability shouldn't define your future.

At  , Hillary helped give kids the chance to succeed.  
We believe that everyone has value.
We believe that everyone's created equal.
We believe that love trumps hate.
 
We'll make our economy and country more welcoming to people with disabilities. We all win when everyone gets to share in America's promise.
The ultimate test of our society is how we treat our fellow human beings, especially those who we have previously left behind.
Americans with disabilities deserve the chance to work alongside those without disabilities—to do the same jobs for the same pay &amp; benefits.
We’ve got to build an economy that welcomes people with disabilities, values their work, rewards them fairly, and treats them with respect.
Over 60% of adults with disabilities aren’t in the workplace. We have to fix that.  
None of us gets through life alone. We all have to look out for each other and lift each other up.
Building an inclusive economy is another reason we’ve got to break down systemic racism, including under-investment in communities of color.
When we leave people out or write them off, we not only shortchange them and their dreams, we shortchange our country and our future.
In America, every person, no matter what you look like or who you are, should have the chance to go as far as your dreams will take you.
We need to come together to turn the tide, stop violence, build trust, and give all our kids the chance to grow up safe and healthy.
We've also seen the targeting of police officers—but so many serve every day with courage and honor and are committed to reform.
We have two names to add to a long list of African Americans killed by police officers. It’s unbearable, and it needs to become intolerable.
Live from Orlando: Watch Hillary share her plan for building an inclusive economy that helps everyone get ahead →  
Every student should be able to graduate from college without taking on any debt.    
Keith Lamont Scott. Terence Crutcher. Too many others. This has got to end. -H
Have student debt? 
Planning for college?
See how much money Hillary's plan would save you:
   
FACT: Donald Trump used his charitable foundation to purchase *multiple* six-foot-tall paintings of himself.  
A real headline about the Republican nominee: "Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems."  
Four months from today, our next president will walk into the Oval Office.

Help make sure it's not Donald Trump:  
On this day in 1973, tennis champion Billie Jean King defeated Bobby Riggs in the “Battle of the Sexes.”  
"You can leave this ad muted—there's nothing to hear." — 

   
Help get out the vote for Hillary (plus, get a free sticker when you sign up!):  
Trump’s calls to torture and mistreat prisoners go against the very values we are fighting to defend. We’re better than this.
Donald hasn't given his own money to the Trump Foundation since 2008—but it's still paying his bills.  
It's time to tell   that Wall Street works for Main Street—not the other way around.  
Another unarmed Black man was shot in a police incident. This should be intolerable. We have so much work to do.   -H
Donald Trump is using his foundation—funded by other people's money—to settle lawsuits.  
"The voice of your vote is the greatest voice we have." — 

   
Catch   at 11:35pm ET to see letters from some of Hillary's biggest fans.  
"You want to give me a good send-off? Go vote.” —Barack Obama:    
Nobody in America should have to forgo a higher education because they can't afford it.  
Barack Obama said progress is on the ballot this November. This economic data shows he’s right.  
America has never made progress by thinking one person alone can fix our problems.  
"Everyone who wants to go to college should be able to without drowning in debt." —Hillary  
Be a voter. Check your registration and help your friends do the same →    
Let’s make clear that love trumps hate—not just this November, but always.  
Find out how much Hillary's college plan will save you:    
"The lesson she passed on to me was simple but powerful: No one gets through life alone." —Hillary on her mom  
When we work together, we will trump hate.  
We have to stand up to this hate.

We have to send a clear message: 
America is better than this.
America is better than Donald Trump.
We're facing a candidate with a history of discrimination in his businesses, who retweets white supremacists, and led the birther movement.
In a democracy, if you want to help the greatest number of people, you have to push for reform from both the outside-in and the inside-out.
Simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws.  
When Americans get knocked down, we get right back up again. We refuse to quit—no matter what. 

That’s the spirit we need in this election.
We have a Republican nominee for president who incites hatred and violence like we’ve never seen before.
College should be tuition-free for working families and debt-free for everyone:  
If you work hard, you should be able to find a good job that pays well and lets you do what you love and make your mark on the world.
We can build a cleaner, more resilient electrical grid with enough renewable energy to power every home in the country.
It’s wrong to tear each other down.
It’s wrong to let income inequality get worse.
It’s wrong to put a loose cannon in charge.
This election isn’t a reality TV show. It shouldn’t be about birth certificates or name-calling or stunts to get on cable news.
You want something to vote for, not just against:

Optimism, not resentment.
Answers, not anger.
Ideas, not insults.
Bridges, not walls.
“Your generation is the most inclusive, progressive, and entrepreneurial we’ve ever seen.” —Hillary to students at  
50 days to go. Don't miss Hillary live from  :  
“I’m Hillary Clinton and I’ve always approved this message.”  
“This threat is real, but so is our resolve. Americans will not cower. We will prevail.” —Hillary  
Our next president needs to have the right temperament to meet the challenges we face.  
“What I’ve laid out is a path forward that will keep us safer...and go after the terrorists to finally destroy them"  
“I’m the only candidate in this race who’s been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield. —Hillary
"Let us be vigilant, but not afraid…we choose resolve, not fear. We will not turn on each other or undermine each other.” —Hillary
"Like all Americans, my thoughts are with those who were wounded, their families, &amp; our first responders” —Hillary on this weekend’s attacks
"We have got to do everything we can to make sure that Hillary Clinton is elected president." —   
Grateful for our brave men and women serving in the   and their families. Happy birthday, USAF!  
Congratulations on your Emmy, Kate! Big fan of yours, too.  
"Progress is on the ballot.
Tolerance is on the ballot.
Democracy is on the ballot.
Justice is on the ballot."  
Next week, Hillary will walk on stage for the first presidential debate. Chip in now for the chance to be there:  
It wasn't so long ago that women faced and took down barriers that can seem ridiculous now.    
"I strongly condemn the apparent terrorist attacks in Minnesota, New Jersey, and New York."  
Joel Sollender, WWII veteran and POW, on what it means when he hears Trump insult our vets.  
"Read up on your history. It matters. We've got to get people to vote." — :    
So what exactly is Donald Trump hiding from voters? Pretty much everything.  
“We have to face the world as it is but commit ourselves to turning it into what it should be.” —Hillary  
In a normal election, these 126 things would disqualify Trump from becoming president:  
If you want to go to college or are saddled with student debt, you'll want to read what   has to say:  
As   said, this election is about what kind of country we want to be and what we want to leave behind for future generations.
We need ideas, not insults. Plans, not paranoia.

We can’t let  's legacy fall into the hands of someone who doesn’t understand that.
"I’m going to close my campaign the way I began my career…focused on opportunities for children and fairness for families." —Hillary
Tune in now to watch Hillary speak to the  :  
Presidential.  
This year, Janelle beat breast cancer with the support of her family, friends, and a presidential candidate.  
So how exactly did Donald Trump build his own bank account?

On the backs of American taxpayers:  
"I want you to know that I see you, and I’m with you." —Hillary to the Latino community at    
Trump went to Flint to draw attention to the city's lead poisoning crisis—but he just made a spectacle of himself.  
Let's be clear: Nothing—including an audit—is preventing Trump from releasing his tax returns.  
Any of these examples proves that Donald Trump is unfit to be president.  
"We’re siding with students and with every American seeking an affordable college degree." —   
Hillary's been her childhood pen pal, her graduation cheering section, and her friend. Meet Aleatha:  
Take it from  : This election is too important to sit out. Register to vote:    
9 times Donald Trump accused Hillary of doing the terrible things he, himself, actually did:  
It’s time for Donald Trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee.  
It's great to be back on the campaign trail.  
The brave men and women who have served our country deserve better than Donald Trump.  
126 things Donald Trump has said and done that should disqualify his candidacy:  
Trump's habit of projecting his actions onto someone else is what 6-year-olds call "I know you are, but what am I?"  
Donald Trump has spent years peddling lies about President Obama.

And that didn't stop today.  
Donald Trump spent five years lying about  's citizenship. He can’t just take that back.  
"We deserve a president…who believes that each of us is part of the American story, and we’re always stronger together.” — 
“On November 8, you will decide whether we have a president who believes in science and will fight climate change—or not.” — 
“The choice that you make on November 8 will determine whether you can afford college tuition.” — :  
“You’ve got to get yourself and everyone you know registered to vote today.” — :  
"Your decision will determine who sits in the Oval Office after Barack Obama.” — 
"Elections aren't just about who votes, but who doesn't vote." — :  
“We have an opportunity to elect one of the most qualified people who has ever endeavored to become president.” —  on Hillary
"Hillary has the resilience it takes to do this job, see when she gets knocked down…she gets right back up.” — 
"The presidency doesn’t change who you are. It reveals who you are. And the same thing is true of a presidential campaign." — 
"When it comes to the qualifications we should demand in a president...we need someone who’s going to take this job seriously.” — 
“I am thrilled to be here today to support the next president &amp; vice president of the United States, Hillary Clinton &amp; Tim Kaine!” — 
.  is on the trail for Hillary. Tune in to watch her live from Virginia:  
On National Prisoners of War Remembrance Day, a POW shares what it means when Trump insults veterans.  
What Trump should do: for once in his life, own up to his mistakes. Apologize to the President, and to the American people.
Trump’s birtherism stems from the same innate beliefs that led to discriminating against black tenants early in his career. Can't be undone.
The birther lie is what turned Trump from an ordinary reality TV star into a political figure. That origin story can't be unwritten.
Trump has spent years peddling a racist conspiracy aimed at undermining the first African American president. He can't just take it back.
This shouldn't have to be said: You don’t just get to say someone else did the worst things you’ve done. It doesn’t work. No one buys it.
Again, Trump turns his faults on others. Psychologists call it "projecting." Kids call it "I'm rubber, you're glue."  
When Trump tries to deflect blame for denying that   was born in America, he is lying.    
Leading the birther movement is deplorable. Attempting to say it "did a great service" to the president who Trump attacked is asinine.
Expressing zero regret for years of pushing a racist conspiracy theory, Trump again appointed himself judge &amp; jury on  's citizenship.
What Trump just did is a disgrace.
Let’s build a future where love trumps hate.  
“Let’s reject the cynicism, the bullying, and the divisive rhetoric that my opponent is using to try and make us all afraid of each other.”
Donald Trump looks at women and decides how their looks rate on a scale of one to 10.
"He looks at a Gold Star family and sees them as Muslims, not patriotic Americans.” —Hillary on Trump
"Donald Trump looks at a distinguished judge born in Indiana, and he sees a Mexican, not an American.” —Hillary
Donald Trump is unfit to be president.
We just can’t accept this.
We’ve got to stand up to this.
If we don’t, it won’t stop.
Barack Obama was born in America, plain and simple.

Donald Trump owes him and the American people an apology.
Just yesterday, Trump again refused to say with his own words that the president was born in the United States.
"We know who Donald is. For five years, he has led the birther movement to de-legitimize our first black president.” —Hillary
The next 53 days will shape the next 50 years.

The future of our children and grandchildren hangs in the balance.  
"We’ll remember the pain of the Mothers of the Movement and fight for a criminal justice system that actually delivers justice.” —Hillary
“The American people deserve something to vote for, not just against.” —Hillary  
"You don't just deserve a seat at the table. It's past time you had a fair chance to run the meeting." —Hillary to the Black Women’s Agenda
"To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. You need both understanding and action.” —Hillary
"The good news is that my pneumonia finally got some Republicans interested in women’s health.” —Hillary
Watch Hillary speak live at the Black Women's Agenda Symposium:  
Remember: Trump, the Birther-in-Chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records.  
President Obama’s successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. Period.
"When I’m under the weather, I can afford to take a few days off. Millions of Americans can’t." Hillary in NC today:  
The polls are closer than ever, and the stakes couldn't be higher. Chip in today.     
Donald Trump still refuses to admit President Obama was born in the United States.  
Trump is running the most divisive campaign of our lifetimes.

There’s no innuendo or dog whistles anymore. It’s all out in the open now.
Donald Trump still refuses to say   was born in America. And this man wants to be our president?

When will he stop this ugliness?
America is one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Not just for people who look or worship a certain way.
Despite what Donald Trump may say, immigrants are not rapists and criminals.
No child should have to say goodbye to their parents every morning not knowing if mom or dad will be there when they get home.
"We have a chance to show that comprehensive immigration reform isn’t just the smart thing to do—it’s what the American people demand."
Supporting families with paid family leave, earned sick days, and affordable child care isn’t a luxury—it’s a necessity.
It's wrong when Latinos are 17% of our population and hold only 2% of its wealth.

We've got to connect more Latinos with good jobs.
"I intend to close my campaign the way I began my career: fighting for kids and families..it will be the passion of my presidency." —Hillary
"You’re not intruders. You’re our neighbors, our colleagues, our friends, our families...I see you, and I am with you." —Hillary to  
“I believe with all my heart that the American Dream is alive, and it’s big enough for everyone to share its promise.” —Hillary to  
Hillary’s live at  . Tune in to hear about her vision for an inclusive America.  
Long overdue, but good to see the Senate approve much-needed aid for Flint. Time for the House to do the same. -H  
Want to compare Hillary and Trump on transparency?

We stacked up everything they have (or haven't) released.  
Just 54 days left and we don’t have a minute to lose. Text JOIN to 47246 and let’s go win this—together.  
“This is why I do it and this is who I’m in it for—to make life better for children and families." —Hillary  
"My opponent has America all wrong. There’s nothing we can’t do when we come together as one nation." —Hillary
As   said, the choice in this election is about who will have the power to shape our children for the next four years of their lives.
We don’t need a president who thinks only married people deserve paid leave and only mothers ever stay home with the kids.
"People accuse me of all kinds of things—you’ve probably seen that. But nobody ever accuses me of quitting.” —Hillary
“I have this old-fashioned notion that if you’re running for president, you should say what you’re going to do.”  
"I’m going to close my campaign the way I began my career...focused on opportunities for kids and fairness for families." —Hillary
The stakes in this election are as high as any in our lifetimes.  
"I want to give our kids a safer world...that means a world with strong allies, more friends, fewer enemies, and fewer nuclear weapons."
"I learned from my family and my Methodist faith that we’re each called to do all the good we can for all the people we can." —Hillary
Hillary’s running for people who are trying to do hard things and need a helping hand, people like Janelle Turner.  
"I’m running for young people like so many of you who dream of changing our world for the better.” —Hillary
For millions of moms and dads, if they get sick, they’re on their own. There’s no backup.  
"It’s great to be back on the campaign trail.” —Hillary in North Carolina. Watch live:  
If you're in college—or have a kid who is—find out how much you could save with Hillary's college plan:  
Trump gets criticized by a Latino judge: calls him a "disgrace."
A Muslim family: he lashes out.
A black pastor:  
Let's mark the start of Hispanic Heritage Month by celebrating our country's rich diversity and standing up to bigotry and intolerance. -H
Trump on releasing detailed medical records: "I have no problem in doing so!"

He still hasn't released them.  
Trump's global web of financial and business ties would compromise our national security if he’s elected president.  
Trump's detailed medical records are part of a laundry list of things he's hiding from the American public.  
Proud of you,  _Biles. We can all learn from your courage in standing up to stigma.  
When 40 million Americans are facing the same problem, it's a crisis. One candidate has a plan to address it.  
Trump's always put his own profits above all—no matter who else gets hurt. Why would that change if he's president?  
How will Trump guarantee that he'll put America's security over his own financial interests?  
Proud to have you on this team,  .    
George was scammed out of his savings—his retirement, his kids' college funds—by a real estate "course" at Trump U.  
Hillary's released her medical information and tax returns.

We're still waiting for Trump to do the same.  
Donald Trump's foundation: paying off would-be opponents, stiffing actual charities.  
“The bottom line is that we can not afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show.” —   
20 questions Trump needs to answer on his dangerous foreign business ties—and the national security risks they pose.  
20. It's pretty clear: Trump's spent his life unscrupulously looking out for his own wallet above all. Why would that change as president?
19. In sum, how will Trump guarantee that if forced to choose between America's security and his own bank account, he won't pick the latter?
18. We'll let   ask this one:  
17. Will your children disclose all of the foreign trips and business deals they've undertaken during the campaign, and with whom they met?
16. You've mentioned ~120 foreign deals, including in countries with national security implications. Where and with whom are you working?
15. To what extent are you and your family currently contractually tied to payments from foreign business partners, or governments?
14. We know you engaged extensively in pay-to-play here at home. Have you bribed foreign officials or other parties abroad?
13. How can we know you won't (again) impulsively damage relationships with crucial allies to preserve your own ego?  
12. How can we be sure you'd be willing to be tough on any nation if necessary, if it would put your interests and profits at risk?
11. With business ties to politically-connected Indian developers, how can you conduct foreign policy that puts the U.S. above your profits?
10. How did the Russian mob boss who ran a criminal organization out of Trump Tower get a VIP pass to your Miss Universe pageant in Moscow?
9. Have you or your campaign discussed U.S.-Russian relations with the Russian billionaires with whom you've done business?
8. Will you disclose the nature of your personal and business relationships with all of the Russian oligarchs you are “close” to?
7. To what extent would your foreign policy be dictated by potential financial benefits for your business partners?  
6. Given that you've already questioned our commitments to NATO allies, what is your answer to this?  
5. How can you be tough on Iran, given your business partnership with someone connected to Iranian money laundering?  
4. If you were willing to work with Qaddafi—a known terrorist and dictator—is there anyone you aren't willing to make a deal with? Who?
3. While refusing to release your tax returns, how will you confirm that you do not have dangerous financial ties to bad actors abroad?
2. How will you handle non-cancelable contractual obligations with parties whose interests conflict with those of the United States?
1. Will you sever ties with your company linked to foreign leaders, questionable organizations, and criminals if you become president?
In light of  's report on the Trump Organization's dangerous ties, here are 20 questions that Trump needs to answer—now.
Today's must-read: "Almost every foreign policy decision [Trump] makes will raise serious conflicts of interest."  
Donald Trump's foundation allegedly paid off Florida's attorney general to prevent an investigation into his fraud.  
"You don't grade the presidency on a curve." —   
"If you're serious about our democracy, then you've got to be with her." —  on Hillary  
Danny Williams and his wife Leah lost their home after Trump University took advantage of them.  
California made the right call: Every worker should be treated with dignity and receive the benefits they've earned.  
It’s literally right here:    
A man’s role in child care, according to Donald Trump:  
How pay-to-play works:

1. Trump faces possible investigation
2. Trump gives $$ to AG
3. Investigation never happens  
Trump and Pence's courting of white supremacists isn't a game: It's normalizing racism. And it's deplorable.  
Proud to mark 22 years of the Violence Against Women Act. Our work isn't done until women in every community are safe from violence.
"He’s spent most of his life trying to stay as far away from working people as he could.” —  on Trump  
"Donald Trump says stuff every day that used to be considered as disqualifying for being president." —   
"America is not about ‘yes, he will.' It's about ‘yes, we can.'" — :  
"The bottom line is that we cannot afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show.” —  on the media’s coverage of Donald Trump
"You don't grade the presidency on a curve. This is serious business.” — 
"We cannot take this election for granted. We’ve got to fight for this thing.” — :  
“She knows that love trumps hate.” —  on Hillary
"If you want higher wages, better benefits...then you should be voting for Hillary Clinton." — :  
“Then there’s the other guy, Donald Trump. Don’t boo, vote!” — :  
"I believe there has never been a man or woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as our president." — 
“A leader who's got real plans to break down barriers and blast through glass ceilings." —  on Hillary:  
"Can I just say, I am really into electing Hillary Clinton. This is not me just going through the motions here.” — 
"The choice that you make, that we make, just 8 weeks from today, will determine the direction of this country for a long time.” — 
"We lifted 3.5 million people out of poverty. That's the largest one-year drop in poverty since 1968.” — 
"Even though I have run my last campaign, I am going to work as hard as I can this fall to elect Hillary Clinton." — 
"I could not be prouder of the leader we have nominated to take my place.” —  on Hillary
With just 56 days until Election Day,   is back out on the trail for Hillary in Philly. Watch live:  
As Muslims celebrate Eid al-Adha—a festival of sacrifice, charity, &amp; feeding the poor—let's reflect on those shared values. Eid Mubarak! -H
Pay-To-Play: The act of making a donation to a politician so they'll help you out. See: Donald Trump.  
"It just seems that the economy does better under the Democrats than the Republicans." —Donald Trump, March 2004  
7 questions we have about the Trump Foundation (and how Donald used it to stop investigations into his fraud):  
The   is right to pull tournament games from North Carolina because of the anti-LGBT HB2 law. Discrimination has no place in America. -H
Trump says "you can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens."

What Trump's also said:  
Only one candidate in this race has a plan to tackle these issues. See how her plan would help you:  
A quick search of Trump’s website shows the top mentions of “student debt” and “college” are attacks—not solutions.  
Student debt and the cost of college are incredibly important.

Why isn’t Donald Trump talking about these issues?
Student debt is a major drag on our economy, and it's holding people back from moving forward with life.  
We also need to tackle the student debt crisis and help those like   who have already borrowed.  
The cost of attending HBCUs should never prevent @_bxddxss—or anyone—from attending one:    
Paying for college doesn't end at tuition, so we need to help students pay for other costs like books and housing.  
. 's worries are all-too-common. We need to make attending a community college completely tuition free.  
We’ll make in-state colleges and universities tuition-free for families making under $125,000/year.

That'll help more than 80% of families.
We need to make college debt-free. You shouldn't have to take out loans (or more drastic measures) to attend college  
Young people say two things:
✓ College is too expensive
✓ Student debt is crushing them

We’re going to help them:  
Your student debt collector would really like you not to vote for Hillary.    
The Trump Foundation: "an arrangement worked out for maximum benefit at minimum sacrifice.”  
If you won’t say the KKK is deplorable, you have no business running the country.  
"You can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens." —Donald Trump

About that.  
Like anyone who’s ever been home sick from work, I’m just anxious to get back out there. See you on the trail soon. -H
Thanks to everyone who’s reached out with well wishes! I’m feeling fine and getting better. -H
Debt shouldn't hold people back from going to college.

Let's make sure it doesn’t.    
Trump's calling for trillion dollar tax cuts for Wall Street.

It's time for them to pay their fair share.  
Whether you have student debt or you're preparing for school, see how much our college plan could save you.  
The reporting on Hillary's emails has left the basis of facts and veered into dangerous territory.  
Introducing our college calculator: Find out how much Hillary's plan could save you or your family on student loans.  
Trump uses his foundation to pay for things with other people's money.    
We'll never forget the horror of September 11, 2001. Today, let's honor the lives and tremendous spirit of the victims and responders. -H
"Trump spent $20,000 of money earmarked for charitable purposes to buy a six-foot-tall painting of himself.”  
"The story has vastly exceeded the boundaries of the facts." —  on the reporting on Hillary's emails  
Remember: If he becomes president, Donald Trump would have the U.S. economy in his hands.    
Except for African Americans, Muslims, Latinos, immigrants, women, veterans—and any so-called "losers" or "dummies."  
"I won't stop calling out bigotry and racist rhetoric in this campaign." —Hillary  
Hillary on the faith that drives her: "Do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can."  
Our next president needs to do everything possible to make life a little easier for working parents.  
"Women are seen through a different lens." —Hillary to    
Thank you for being so brave, Astrid. I’m going to do everything I can to keep families like yours together. -H  
We can’t let Trump’s “manifest unfitness for office” become normal. We need to hold him accountable.  
When Hillary talks about needing more love and kindness in our lives, this is what she means.  
Join   and activists across the country in supporting LGBT rights this November:  
At the 2016 DNC,   Press Secretary   became the first openly trans person to speak at a convention.  
Appalling behavior from Wells Fargo. This is exactly why we need a strong  —and can't let Trump dismantle it.  
Let's send Donald Trump a powerful message on Election Day. 

     
Women like Elaine served our country and blazed a trail for others to follow. They've earned our highest honors.  
North Korea’s decision to conduct another nuclear test is outrageous and unacceptable.  
Watch live as   campaigns for Hillary in Philadelphia →    
If you want to see what corruption actually looks like, this is it.    
This is what a comprehensive (not "secret") counterterrorism plan looks like.  
We can only confront a challenge like Zika when we come together. It's time for Republicans to fund this fight:   -H
If you've ever wondered what Hillary's like as a friend, you could ask Janelle.  
Making the wrong choice on climate change would be a disaster for our kids and grandkids.  
The next time Trump throws a tantrum, picture him in the Situation Room making life-or-death decisions for us.  
The most important quality in a president and Commander-in-Chief is steadiness—an absolute, rock solid steadiness.  
Unlike Trump's, this plan to defeat ISIS isn’t a “secret.”  
We need a president who will do justice, love kindness, and walk humbly.  
We need a president who understands that none of us has all the answers and no one person can fix our problems alone.
"Everyone here...has stumbled on their own stony roads. It’s grace that lifts us up, grace that leads us home.” —Hillary to the  _inc
"Humility is not something you hear much about in politics, is it? But we should. None of us is perfect." —Hillary
Do all the good you can,
for all the people you can,
in all the ways you can,
for as long as you can.  
This election is too important for anyone to sit on the sidelines.

Make sure your friends are registered to vote.  
Let's beat back the assault on voting rights—a blast from the Jim Crow past that must be stopped.

We should expand voting rights instead.
Every child should be able to live up to their God-given potential, no matter where they come from, what they look like, or who they love.
Together, we’ll face head-on the reality of systemic racism and work to reform our criminal justice system.  
Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the bus—now it’s our job to create more good jobs so everyone can afford the fare.
None of us can sit back while the epidemic of gun violence ravages our country.  
We have to work together to make sure every child has clean water to drink and air to breathe and good schools, no matter their zip code.
"Thank you for loving all people, especially 'the least, the last, and the lost' among us." —Hillary to the  _inc
Anyone who looks at the African American community and sees only poverty, crime, and despair is missing so much.  
Hillary’s talking to  _inc about her faith live in Kansas City. Watch here:  
7 ways Donald Trump proved he’s not ready to be Commander-in-Chief (in less than 30 minutes):  
Hillary chats favorite books, handling criticism, and life on the trail in episode 3 of With Her. Listen here 🎧 :  
At last night's forum, Trump disrespected our generals, our country, and women in the military—but he praised Putin.  
We can build a future where we’re stronger together. That’s who we are as Americans. Text JOIN to 47246 to get involved.
"As your Commander-in-Chief, I will not trash our country’s most cherished values. I will defend them.” —Hillary
We’re going to guarantee equal pay for women. It is long overdue.  
What’s the best way to stand up for voting rights? Get registered:  
Hillary’s speaking in North Carolina on her vision to build an economy that works for everyone. Tune in:  
Before Hillary, the last Democrat the   endorsed was FDR:  
Last night, Trump chose to talk about his deep admiration and support for Putin.

Maybe he did it with a smile.  
The next time Donald Trump throws a temper tantrum, imagine if he had the nuclear codes.  
“I love this country. I will serve it with my entire heart, mind, and soul.” —Hillary on the tarmac to reporters
There's only one candidate in this election who's ready to be America's Commander-in-Chief.  
Imagine this man in charge of our men and women in uniform.  
Actually, that’s just what taking the office of President seriously looks like.  
Donald Trump is unqualified and totally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.

You can stop him. Register to vote today:  
Text QUALIFIED to 47246 if you agree there was only one candidate tonight who showed she's ready to be the next president.
Donald Trump could be our next Commander-in-Chief.

Chip in to make sure it never happens:    
"It is a correct tweet." —Donald Trump, just now     
The worst part is, this isn’t the first time Donald Trump has praised Russia and Putin.    
“I have a very good brain.” —Donald Trump on his foreign policy advisors

(Himself.)  
Tonight, Trump is going to try and claim he's ready to be Commander-in-Chief. The facts say otherwise. 

Follow   to see why.
Not every wound can be seen. Our veterans deserve the best mental health services we can give.    
We need to do everything we can to remove barriers to the health care our veterans need—whether physical or mental.  
"I will not let the VA be privatized." —Hillary    
Hillary has spent decades fighting for veterans, members of the military, and their families.    
Our next Commander-in-Chief needs to have the steadiness, strength, and judgment to make life and death decisions.  
It takes experience, toughness, and a steady temperament to be our Commander-in-Chief.    
Donald Trump has proven over and over again that he's unfit to be our Commander-in-Chief.  
Tonight, Americans will hear what Trump would do as Commander-in-Chief.

Here are 5 reasons he's unfit for the job:  
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.  
A man who talks about our veterans and military families like this doesn't deserve to be Commander-in-Chief.  
The U.S. presidency isn't an entry-level job.

How Hillary's time as our secretary of state shows she's ready:  
Did Trump use his charitable foundation to prevent a state attorney general from investigating his fraud?  
. ,  , and Leon Panetta agree: Hillary's one of the best secretaries of state we've had.  
We can't afford a president who would sabotage our efforts to fight climate change.  
Donald Trump doesn't "know why" African Americans would be offended that he pushed the "birther" conspiracy:  
When our SEALs took out bin Laden, they brought the terrorists' families to safety first. That's American honor.  
The   hasn't endorsed a Democrat for president since before WWII. Here's why it's endorsing Hillary:  
World leaders on why Hillary's tenure as secretary of state prepared her to be president:  
"I know more about ISIS than the generals do." —Donald Trump

No, you don't.  
If Donald Trump doesn't show all Americans the respect they deserve, he doesn't deserve to be their president.  
Enter to win a signed copy of Hillary and Tim's new book!  
"I think I've made a lot of sacrifices." —Trump's response to the parents of Humayun Khan, who died serving in Iraq  
We should be helping more immigrant families stay together, not tearing them apart.  
"Clinton’s proposals would revolutionize how we treat young children in America.”  
Donald Trump has a problem looking at someone different from himself and actually seeing them.  
We can take on the threat of climate change and make America a clean energy superpower.

Or, we can do nothing.  
Vote this year like your future depends on it—because it does:  
"I call on all Republicans to put people before politics and finally vote on a clean funding bill to fight Zika right here in Florida."
Donald Trump is totally unfit and unqualified to be president of the United States:  
Trump says he “knows more about ISIS than the generals do.”

Not only is that wrong, it's disrespectful to our men and women in uniform.
Right now, too many Americans are being held back by student debt.

We’ve got to fix that:  
Anybody working full-time should not be living in poverty. It’s time to raise the minimum wage.  
In America, we don't say, “I alone can fix it.”

We say, "We'll fix it together.”  
We’re going to make our economy grow, but we’re also going to make it fair. Here’s how:  
"I want to be a president for all Americans, not just for some Americans; Democrats, Republicans, Independents." —Hillary
The stakes in this campaign couldn’t be higher. Make sure you’re registered to vote:  
63 days left.

Watch live as Hillary hits the trail in Tampa →  
Only one candidate in this race is standing up for working families. Take a look:  
Our veterans and military families deserve better.  
Today, we'll hear Trump talk about our veterans.

Our new ad on what they've been hearing from Trump for months:  
"The essence of his campaign is bigotry." —  on Donald Trump in New Hampshire  
Unions have had the backs of working families for decades. Now they need to know we have theirs.  
"Human rights are women's rights, and women's rights are human rights." —Hillary in Beijing, 21 years ago today  
Sec. of Labor Frances Perkins was our first woman cabinet member and an architect of the Fair Labor Standards Act.  
One candidate would stand up for workers and their families. The other? Not so much.  
Unions gave us higher wages, weekends, and the largest middle class in the world. That's worth celebrating &amp; protecting. Happy  ! -H
.  Yes.  
Unions stand up for workers who need someone to have their backs. We need a president who will do the same.  
If you're a fan of weekends, thank a union member.  
There's going to be no one left in Washington for Trump to work with who he hasn’t insulted.  
Astonishing that the Republican nominee still refuses to acknowledge that   was born in the United States.  
We have a new  ! Check out letters to Hillary from Americans around the country at    
"That’s a special thing about Hillary—when there’s a job worth doing, she doesn’t abandon it." —President Carter  
Thanks,  , for reaffirming the law to protect women's health—whichever provider you choose.  
Even before his hateful speech this week, Trump has never been vague about his feelings toward immigrants.  
A reminder as America officially joins the Paris climate agreement.

We can’t stop there:    
Our planet's future depends on the decisions we make now.

RT if you agree it's time to combat climate change.  
Donald Trump's pattern of prejudice and discrimination started long before he was a presidential candidate.  
Donald Trump's plan on immigration has been clear all along: demonize immigrants, "build a wall," deport millions.  
America needs leadership in the White House, not a liability.    
When Ruline was born in 1913, women couldn't vote.

In 2016, she'll cast her vote to elect the 1st woman president.  
Drug companies should never put profits before patients. Our plan to stop excessive prescription drug price hikes:  
Trump and his hateful language are affecting our kids. These are some of the heartbreaking things they're saying:  
The worst part is, Trump's disturbing policies for immigrant families go way beyond just "building a wall."  
As a candidate, Trump has already embarrassed us on the world stage.

Imagine the damage he'd do as president.  
The disastrous Mexico wall trip: a case study in the Trump school of diplomacy.  
So, how did Donald Trump's first swing at diplomacy go? Not so great.

Try to follow his decision-making process:  
Turns out, hosting Miss Universe pageants abroad doesn't equate to diplomatic skills.  
It took Donald Trump exactly one foreign policy trip to get rebuked by a leader of an ally nation.  
If Trump needs help with diplomacy, he could learn a lot from our last secretary of state.  
Born Sept. 1, 1933, former TX Gov. Ann Richards opened doors for women and minorities in her own state and beyond.  
"There will be no softening whatsoever." —the   on Trump's most alarming immigration speech yet  
This choice couldn't be starker.  
"Trump, the self-proclaimed tough negotiator, not only choked but openly lied about choking."  
"He’s causing nations to wonder if we’ll actually keep our word.” —  on Donald Trump:  
"I'm so sick and tired of people like Trump...saying we get 'paid too much.'" —  in Ohio:  
Tune in now to watch   hit the trail for Hillary in Ohio:  
Trump's extreme immigration speech got rave reviews—from white supremacists, the alt-right, and Ann Coulter.  
Donald Trump could actually be our next president. Chip in before midnight to make sure that never happens:  
There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.  
We are not going to criminalize, profile, round up, and deport 16 million people.  
Trump just failed his first foreign test. Diplomacy isn't as easy as it looks. -H
A wall that Mexico will pay for: a bad idea from an even worse negotiator.  
"It turns out Trump didn't just choke, he got beat in the room and lied about it." —   
“I will never lie to you.” —Donald Trump, August 18, 2016  
Great news for North Carolinians. Let's make voting easier so every voice in our democracy can be heard. -H  
Trump has vilified Mexicans and immigrants since day one of his campaign. That's not what America stands for.  
"We are building a wall. He's a Mexican!” —Donald Trump, June 3, 2016  
As Trump meets with President Peña Nieto, a helpful refresher on some of the things he’s said about Mexico:  
"They have to go."

Trump has been perfectly clear about his intentions for millions of immigrants.  
Our veterans deserve our thanks. You deserve a country that honors your service, not just with words but with deeds.  
50 GOP national security experts said they will not vote for Trump because he would be “the most reckless president in American history.”
Too many veterans and their families aren’t getting the mental health services they need. Our plan to fix that:  
"I will never, ever disrespect Gold Star families who’ve made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation or prisoners of war.” —Hillary
The last thing we need is a president who brings more name-calling and temper tantrums to Washington.
"I completely reject anyone, including my opponent, who calls the American military a 'disaster.'" —Hillary to the  
We can’t cozy up to dictators; we have to stand up to them.

We can’t contain ISIS; we must defeat it. And we will.
Getting countries to work together takes more than trying to make up for a year of insults by dropping in for a few hours, then flying home.
American leadership means standing with our allies, because our network of allies is part of what makes us exceptional.
“No matter how great the challenge, America must lead.” —Hillary to the    
. , vetoing a minimum wage increase is a blow to working families. No one who works full-time should have to live in poverty. -H
We're still 2.5 million away from reaching our August fundraising goal. Chip in by midnight and get a free sticker:  
RT this if you agree.  
A big, beautiful list of literally every tweet Donald Trump has sent about Mexico over the last two years.  
"From the first days of his campaign, Donald Trump has painted Mexicans as 'rapists' and criminals."  
What you need to know about the "alt-right" and  's connections to white supremacy and hate groups:  
Trump loves his "Make America Great Again" hat a lot for a guy who outsourced jobs to 12 different countries.  
Trump's plan:
1. Round up and deport every single undocumented immigrant
2. Build a concrete wall

An alternative:  
60% of adults experiencing mental health illnesses are untreated. It's time to close the treatment gap.  
Eight reasons why you shouldn't need a four-year degree to have a successful career:  
The   is saving lives around the world.  
Mike Pence’s governorship has been devastating to Indiana women. Just ask one of them:  
We're facing the highest suicide rate in 30 years. Let's make sure every family can access mental health treatment.  
Give the Trump family a huge tax cut or take care of our veterans? Not a hard choice.    
Big victory from the   for workers' right to organize for fair wages and benefits.    
It's time to finally put access to care for mental health on par with physical health.  
The choice in November: a president with real plans to combat climate change—or one who calls it a hoax.  
Donald Trump: Make ________
Bangladesh
China
India
Indonesia
Vietnam
Mexico
Slovenia
Great Again?  
Qumber's parents came to this country for the American Dream. Trump is a threat to all they've achieved:  
Too many Americans living with mental illness have been left to face it on their own.    
Trump talks about enacting extreme policy ideas that hurt Americans. 

His VP pick has actually done it.  
Charity Watch called the   "one of the great humanitarian charities of our generation."  
Dear Donald: You can't make America great again when you don't make things in America.
 
We have some questions about this letter from Donald Trump's doctor.  
Trump's housing company would mark black renters' applications with a "C" for "colored"—then reject them.  
"The right to vote is still the most powerful nonviolent tool of transformation we have." —   
We're stronger together—and the diversity of our athletes in Rio proved it.
 
When Trump was starting in business, he was sued by the Justice Department for refusing to rent to black tenants.  
53 years ago, Dr. King told us his dream. Today, let's recommit ourselves to the march toward equality for all.   -H
Hillary's small business plan:
✓ cut paperwork
✓ improve funding access
✓ save businesses $
   
Families across America are feeling the strain from prescription drug price-gouging. Here's how we'll take this on:  
Helping small businesses succeed is about more than policy—it's personal.    
You can learn a lot about a person by the company they keep.

Here's some of the company Trump keeps:  
Happy National Dog Day!  
Making it easier to live the American Dream means making it easier to start and grow a small business.
 
Daughter, business owner, and immigrant: Meet Luisa—chaser of the American Dream.
 
Happy   from  .  
So what has the   been up to? Helping millions of people get more affordable medicine to treat HIV/AIDS.
 
Yes,   really did say all of these hateful things.  
On  , celebrate your right to vote by making sure you're ready to exercise it:  
Even as we celebrate the 19th Amendment, remember the struggle for voting rights continued for women of color. That fight continues today.
On this day in 1920, the 19th Amendment was adopted and many women won the right to vote. Let's break more ceilings.  
We've made our union more perfect because people refused to be kept on the sidelines. Onward.  
 
Countless women fought to win the right to vote. On the anniversary of the 19th Amendment's adoption, let's recommit to protecting it. -H
Republican leaders should take a look at who they're standing with.  
Donald Trump’s campaign of prejudice and paranoia is unlike anything we’ve seen—and it’s profoundly dangerous.  
Trump's bigoted rhetoric and policy proposals aren't a dog whistle. We hear him loud and clear.
 
It's not a coincidence that white supremacists proudly support Trump.  
Trump asked what the African American community has to lose by voting for him.  's response:  
 , no one deserves this—least of all someone who brings us so much joy. I'm with you. -H
Trump says he wants to "make America great again," but his real message remains “make America hate again.”  
This election is too important for anyone to sit out.

Text JOIN to 47246 or go to   Let’s go win this, together.
Our rising generation of young Americans is the most open, diverse, and connected we’ve ever seen.
"Every day, more Americans are standing up and saying 'enough is enough'—including a lot of Republicans. I’m honored to have their support."
In 2008, John McCain told his own supporters that Barack Obama is an American citizen and "a decent person."
The week after 9/11, George W. Bush went to a mosque and declared for everyone to hear that Muslims 'love America just as much as I do.'
20 years ago, when Bob Dole accepted the Republican nomination, he pointed to the exits and told any racists in the Party to get out.
There’s an old Mexican proverb that says “Tell me with whom you walk, and I will tell you who you are.”

We know who Trump is.
A fringe element has effectively taken over Trump’s campaign and the Republican Party.  
Trump hired the head of Breitbart "News" to be CEO of his campaign. Here's a sample of their work:  
Trump likes to say he only hires the "best people," but he’s had to fire so many campaign managers it’s like an episode of the Apprentice.
Trump would ban every Muslim around the world—1.5 billion men, women, and children—from entering the U.S. just because of their religion.
Trump would abolish this bedrock constitutional principle: if you’re born in the U.S., you’re an American citizen.  
Trump would form an armed deportation force to round up millions of immigrants and kick them out of the country.  
Look at the policies Trump has proposed—they would put prejudice into practice.  
Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president of the United States.
Someone as detached from reality as Donald Trump should never be in charge of making decisions that are as real as they come.
Trump suggested that Ted Cruz’s father was involved in the Kennedy assassination.

Of course there’s absolutely no evidence of that.
Trump claimed that thousands of American Muslims in New Jersey cheered the 9/11 attacks.

They didn’t.  
When Donald Trump was asked about anti-Semitic slurs and death threats coming from his supporters, he refused to condemn them.
Trump refused to disavow the support of David Duke, a notorious former leader of the Ku Klux Klan.  
Trump famously posted an anti-Semitic graphic that first appeared on a white supremacist website.  
Trump retweets white supremacists. He took a fringe bigot and spread his message to 11 million people.  
If Donald Trump doesn’t respect all Americans, how can he serve all Americans?  
In 2015, Trump launched his own campaign for president by describing Mexican immigrants as rapists and criminals.  
Trump first gained political prominence promoting the racist lie that President Obama isn’t really an American.  
State regulators fined one of Trump’s casinos for repeatedly removing black dealers from the floor.
When Trump was getting his start in business, he was sued by the Justice Dept. for refusing to rent apartments to black and Latino tenants.
Trump is reinforcing harmful stereotypes and offering a dog whistle to his most hateful supporters.
Donald Trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia. He’s taking hate groups mainstream.
"Everywhere I go, people tell me how concerned they are by the divisive rhetoric coming from my opponent in this election." —Hillary
Live from Reno: Hillary discusses why  's divisive rhetoric is so dangerous to our future →  
Longtime Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke supports Donald Trump because they share so many of the same values.  
America has a lot to lose by electing Trump. But there’s one group in particular who has everything to gain.  
Why do so many Ku Klux Klan members support Trump?

"A lot of what he believes, we believe in."  
Thank you to the Orlando Health and Florida Hospital for showing empathy and kindness in the face of hate. -H  
There's a reason the most hateful fringe of the right wing is supporting Donald Trump.
 
"He is taking a hate movement mainstream. He has brought it into his campaign." —Hillary to   on Trump
8 things you can do *today* to help elect Hillary:  
FACT: The   helps 11.5 million people with HIV/AIDS worldwide get their medication.  
Thinking about the people of both Italy and Myanmar as they respond to today's earthquakes. My heart goes out to the victims’ families. -H
Indiana organizer Hillary Rodham in 1976. Join her team:    
EpiPens can be the difference between life and death. There's no justification for these price hikes.   -H
A message from Hillary to young women everywhere:    
It's HFA Volunteer Day, and we're looking for 50,000 volunteers. Help us get there—find your friends on Facebook:  
"No matter how daunting the odds, she never—ever—quits. That is the Hillary I know." — 
 
Why would we give Trump's family a $4 billion tax cut when we could use that money to fix 8,000 bridges?  
The gender wage gap is even wider for women of color.

It's time to ensure equal pay.    
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy. We should focus on supporting them—not stiffing them.  
On average, it takes black women until today to catch up to white men's 2015 earnings. Time to close the pay gap.  
We heard Trump's demonizing comments on immigrants loud and clear the first time. And the second, third, fourth ...
 
Tune in to watch Hillary on  , 11:35 ET/10:35 CT.  
Donald Trump's economic plan is rigged so rich people like him get tax cuts at the expense of everybody else.  
Have a beer with   in the second episode of With Her, the official campaign podcast. Listen here:  
The stories behind some of the history-making women of  .    
“If I have the opportunity, I’ll do whatever I can to make things a little easier for you." —Hillary to young women  
Cheryl lost her husband in Iraq. Then Trump's company targeted her and scammed her out of $35,000.  
In times of crisis, America depends on steady leadership, clear thinking, and calm judgment.  
.  takes the mic in the latest episode of With Her, the official campaign podcast. Subscribe &amp; listen here:  
One wrong move can be the difference between life and death when you're president.
 
The best way to help Louisianans affected by terrible flooding is to make sure they have the resources they need:  
"Everything I say I'm going to do, folks, I do." — 

Here's why that's a disaster for our economy:  
This week, Donald Trump made a shockingly ignorant pitch to African American voters.  
“Her mastery of issues and detail is unlike any politician I’ve met." — 's editor-in-chief on Hillary  
Hillary met with Miami doctors to discuss the public health challenge of treating and preventing Zika.
 
Congrats to Flint, Michigan's   on her second Olympic gold medal for  .  
Donald Trump’s new message to African American voters isn’t just inaccurate. It’s outrageous.  
If you were president, how would you spend $4 billion? 
 
(One guess as to Trump's answer:  
There is so much more that unites us than divides us. That's why we're the greatest country on Earth.  
This lifelong Republican wrote a letter to his daughter about why he's voting for Hillary this November:  
It's too late now to say sorry, Donald.  
If you dream it, you should be able to build it.    
This choice is pretty straightforward.    
Donald Trump has shown us who he is. We should believe him.  
Trump’s tax plan could give his own family a $4 billion tax break. Here's what we could do with that money instead:  
Let's send Donald Trump a message in November: We're not going back.  
"I don't regret anything." —Donald Trump, August 2, 2016
 
This week, Donald Trump suddenly tried to claim that he has some "regrets." About that...  
Trump says he hires the best people. This is what he means:  
This is so ignorant it’s staggering.  
When the IOC introduced women's wrestling in 2004,  _Maroulis dreamed of gold. Yesterday that dream came true.  
So who exactly is advising Trump on foreign policy?  
Today is  's birthday! It's not too late to sign his card here:  
Why do Trump and Putin keep saying all the same things? (Hint: It's not Manafort.)
 
The flooding in Louisiana is worse than anyone expected, and they need our support. Here's how you can help:  
45 years later, I couldn’t be happier to have you by my side. Happy birthday, Bill! -H  
Priorities.    
Congrats to  's  _Rollin,  , and   on their historic podium sweep last night.  
Glad to see that the Justice Department is ending the use of private prisons. This is the right step forward. -H  
Donald Trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. Doing so could save his family $4 billion and 99.8% of families $0.  
Donald Trump promised to release his tax returns if he ran for office.
 
Now? "It's none of your business."
 
"  sees only one person running for president who can do the job: Hillary Clinton."  
Don't waste it. Make sure you're registered to vote:    
Donald Trump's plan: a multi-billion dollar tax cut for himself and the wealthiest Americans  
We know that giving millionaires huge tax breaks doesn't help our economy. So why would we try it again, Donald?  
Does Trump actually pay his fair share in taxes? Until he releases his tax returns, voters won't know for sure.  
At the 1988 Olympic games, Jackie Joyner-Kersee became the first woman to win gold in the long jump for  .  
Let’s make sure it does on Election Day →    
Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and fear, and he's got a new campaign chief to match.  
Donald Trump just hired the head of an extreme, right-wing "news" organization to run his campaign.  
We can't let   become our next president.    
Trump boasts the support of some of the most extreme voices in politics. Now one of them runs his campaign:  
With just 83 days until Election Day, Trump hired one of the most extreme right-wing voices to run his campaign.  
Donald Trump is still the same man who insults Gold Star families, demeans women, and mocks people with disabilities.
The Trump Loophole would let millionaires cut their tax rates in half and do nothing for 99.8% of Americans.  
The choice on jobs in this election (it’s not a hard one).    
If you do your job, you’re supposed to be rewarded for your work, not stiffed.  
We’ve got to get the economy working for everybody, not just those at the top. Too many families are feeling financial stress.
Watch live: Hillary’s speaking in Cleveland about building an economy that works for everyone →  
One candidate would help millions of hardworking Americans. The other would only help those at the top.  
Today,  _Biles landed a spot in history as the first woman from   to win 4 golds. Well done, Simone!  
If you were born between 1980 and 2002, Hillary has big plans to help you.  
Trump's idea for a new immigration test: "Those who...support bigotry and hatred will not be admitted."

Awkward.  
Closely monitoring the flooding in Louisiana &amp; Mississippi. The   is helping displaced families in need:   -H
"This man is totally, thoroughly unqualified to be president." —  on  
 
Last night,   won her 7th Olympic medal. Congrats to the most decorated woman in the history of  !  
It’s not just that Trump doesn’t know what he’s talking about when it comes to national security. His words are dangerous, and they hurt us.
Be a part of this: Get registered to vote, and ask everyone you know to register, too.  
“  is showing the world what this country stands for. I am proud of our team." —Hillary in Philadelphia:  
You should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and make a good living doing it.  
Trump's top adviser was designated $12.7 million from pro-Russia forces in Ukraine. That's the tip of the iceberg.  
Donald Trump says he'll create a new test for immigrants.

It's a test he'd fail.
 
Both candidates have laid out economic plans. See how each would impact your state:  
Vice President   had the keys to our Instagram today. Check it out:    
"The place of your birth should never be a barrier." A letter to young undocumented people on DACA's anniversary:  
The story of the Rodhams and the Bidens isn't unique. What's unique is the country where those stories were written.
 
We have some questions about Donald Trump's cozy relationship with Russia.  
Whenever you hear Trump talk about foreign policy, picture him in the Situation Room making decisions for all of us.  
You oppose reproductive rights, support "conversion therapy," and proposed a Muslim ban.  
Trump's candidacy alone is undermining our national security.

Imagine if he were to become president.  
“She’s strong. She’s respected. She’s admired. There’s nothing that she doesn’t understand about America’s place in the world." — 
"It’s a recipe for playing into the hands of terrorists and their propaganda.” —  on Trump’s foreign policy rhetoric
"Trump’s ideas are not only profoundly wrong, they’re dangerous and they’re very un-American.” —   
"Donald Trump has no clue what it takes to lead this great country.” — 
“This guy doesn’t care about the middle class...he doesn’t understand it. He doesn’t have a clue.” —  on Donald Trump
“There’s only one person in this election who will...help you, and that is Hillary Clinton.” — 
"What Hillary’s all about is making sure every one of you…can look your child in the eye and say…everything is gonna be ok.” — 
“No one is more worthy than you, and everyone is your equal.” — 
"Home is where your character is stamped, where it’s stamped into your soul. Where your values are set.” — 
“As Scranton has always had my back, we—all of us—are going to have your back, Hillary.” — 
Take out your phone and text JOIN to 47246.

We’re hiring organizers right here in Pennsylvania and across the country.
There’s no doubt about it—Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit and totally unqualified to be president of the United States.
"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man you can trust with nuclear weapons.” —Hillary on  
Trump says he won’t tell anyone what he’ll do about ISIS because he wants to keep his plan “secret.”

Well, the secret is he has no plan.
Providing a “Trump Kids Club” for your paying customers is not the same thing as providing real child care for your workers.
Under Trump's child care plan, hardworking families that can’t afford child care in the first place would get little to no real help.
Trump wants to eliminate the Estate Tax. It would save the Trump family $4 billion, but it would do nothing for 99.8% of Americans.
Trump's called for a new tax loophole—the Trump Loophole. He'd pay less than half the current tax rate on income from many of his companies.
Donald Trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and Wall Street money managers.
We’re going to make college debt-free for all and help millions of people struggling with existing student debt:  
Under   and  :
✓ Our businesses created 15 million new jobs.
✓ 20 million people have health care.
 
No matter what Donald Trump says, America is great, and the American Dream is big enough for everyone to share in its promise.
"No matter where life takes me I always remember I am the granddaughter of a factory worker and the daughter of a small business owner."
Joe is now leading a new Cancer Moonshot initiative to fund breakthroughs and save lives in honor of his son Beau.  
Joe passionately believes in the basic bargain that makes America great—that our economy should work for everyone—not just those at the top.
"No matter how far he travels,   never forgets where he’s from." —Hillary in Scranton  
. ’s hitting the trail with Hillary in Scranton, folks. Tune in now:    
Four years in, DACA has helped more than 700,000 undocumented people to live without fear. Let's build on it:  
If Donald Trump becomes president, he'll game America's whole tax system to make himself richer. Seriously.  
Trump says, "I know more about ISIS than the generals do, believe me." 

You know what? We don't.
 
The senseless murders of Imam Maulama Akonjee and Thara Uddin are heartbreaking. This kind of heinous act has no place in America. -H
No family should have to spend more than 10% of its income on quality child care.    
Yesterday,   made Olympic history with her gold medal in women's shot put ( 's first!).  
Well said, Coach Auriemma. Keep winning,  .  
59 million Americans get help from Social Security. On its 81st anniversary, let's recommit to protecting it.  
This is what   would do to your state's economy.  
The choice on jobs is pretty clear: See how your state would fare under Hillary vs. Trump.  
We need to make sure every American has high-speed internet access. And we will:    
Press play for a preview of the new campaign podcast With Her. Stream the full episode here:  
 
As track and field begins, we're honoring Wilma Rudolph: the first U.S. woman to win 3 track golds in one Olympics.  
Many people are saying Trump won't release his tax returns because he's hiding something. What do you think it is?
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love and acceptance—not bullying and violence.  
Last night, U.S. Olympic swimmer  _Manuel won gold and made history.  
Here's a pretty incredible fact: There is a non-zero chance that Donald Trump isn't paying *any* taxes.  
Here's why Donald Trump might be refusing to release his tax returns:  
You can also listen to the first episode of With Her by streaming here:  
🎧 Just launched: With Her, our official campaign podcast. Subscribe and listen to Episode 1:  
Why is   refusing to release his tax returns? Some ideas:
 
.  at the White House, circa 2000.  
 
Congrats on bringing home the gold and silver, Simone and Aly. We’re all so proud of you! -H  
Trump wants America to work for him and his friends.

We need to build an economy that works for everyone.
 
It's not just a value—it's a real plan.    
Let’s go out and build the future.  
"One of the reasons I asked Tim Kaine to be my running mate is that he...has a record of working across the aisle."  
Strengthening unions doesn’t just serve their members—it leads to better pay, benefits, and working conditions for all employees.
Trump wants to give trillions in tax breaks to people like himself.

Instead, let’s invest in our veterans, kids, schools and police.
The 400 richest taxpayers in America would get an average tax cut of more than $15 million a year from the Trump loophole.
Trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. What that would mean: his family gets a $4 billion tax cut. 99.8% of Americans get nothing.
Trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and Wall Street money managers.  
Multi-millionaires should not be able to pay a lower tax rate than their secretaries:  
Every employee, from the CEO suite to the factory floor, contributes to a business’ success, so everybody should share in the rewards.
One positive thing Trump could do to make America great again?

Actually make great things in America:  
If   was as fearful as Trump, Michael Phelps and Simone Biles would be cowering in the locker room.

America isn’t afraid to compete.
Trump may talk a big game on trade, but his approach is based on fear, not strength—fear that we can’t compete with the rest of the world.
"As president, I will stand up to China and anyone else who tries to take advantage of American workers and companies." —Hillary
We’re going to invest in union training programs and apprenticeship programs so you can earn while you learn:  
A four-year degree shouldn’t be the only path to a good job. You should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and make a good living.
It’s not right that Donald Trump can ignore his debts, but students and families can’t refinance theirs.
Let’s fight to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for everyone:  
The people taking care of our children and our parents deserve a good wage, good benefits, and a secure retirement.
Donald Trump has spent his whole career stiffing small businesses.  
We’re going to invest $10 billion in “Make it in America” partnerships to support American manufacturing:  
"Some country is going to be the clean energy superpower of the 21st century and create millions of jobs...I want it to be us." —Hillary
Starting on day one, we will work with both parties to pass the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II.
One of the many stark choices we face in this election.  
Every American willing to work hard should be able to find a job that provides dignity, pride, and decent pay that can support a family.
We are resilient, determined, and hard-working. There’s nothing America can’t do if we do it together.
When Trump visited Detroit on Monday he talked only of failure, poverty, and crime.

He’s missing so much about what makes Michigan great.
Hillary is speaking live from Detroit on the economy. Don’t miss it. Tune in now:  
Anyone willing to sink so low, so often should never be allowed to serve as our Commander-in-Chief.
No, Barack Obama is not the founder of ISIS.
It can be difficult to muster outrage as frequently as Donald Trump should cause it, but his smear against President Obama requires it.
1979.  
Unlike Donald Trump's, our campaign is about issues—not insults.    
My heart breaks for the family of the officer killed in Arkansas today. Grateful for his service to his community. -H
Our kids see the president as a role model. How will they see Donald Trump?
 
Who benefits from Donald Trump's "new" economic plan? Rich people like Donald Trump.  
Young people face tough challenges, but they have the ability to do something about it: Vote.  
We're also going to make sure future generations inherit a cleaner planet—and create millions of jobs along the way.  
Let's make it easier for young people to start businesses and fulfill their dreams.    
And, unlike  , we're gonna make it easier for people who *aren't* celebrities to get apprenticeships.  
Young Americans have the most to gain from Hillary's economic plan—and the most to lose under Trump's policies.  
When you dig deeper, you see that young people of color have faced even greater challenges. That has to change.  
Young people were among the hardest hit during the great recession—and the effects still linger.  
Imagine how you'll feel the day after the election if we haven't joined together to chart a course of optimism.  
"I am humbled and moved by the Republicans who are willing to stand up and say that Donald Trump does not represent their values.” —Hillary
Donald Trump has spent his career stiffing small businesses, refusing to pay them what they’re owed.  
We can be the clean energy superpower of the 21st Century.  
We are living off of the infrastructure built by our parents and grandparents. It’s overdue for upgrades:  
We’re going to make the biggest investment in good-paying jobs since World War II:  
Hillary's talking about the economy in Des Moines. Tune in now to watch:  
If you're a millionaire, you'll do great under Trump's economic plan. Everyone else? Well...

Take a look:  
"The time has come for Republicans...to repudiate Mr. Trump once and for all." —   
Our kids are watching, Donald.
 
"A person seeking to be the President of the United States should not suggest violence in any way."  
Here’s the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.  
How can we prevent the spread of Zika in the U.S.? Hillary and   respond on  :    
Donald Trump's economic plan is a bad deal for working families—and a big tax cut for Donald Trump.
 
Trump's trickle-down economic plan: big giveaways for those at the top at the expense of everyone else.
 
Thank you to the more than 2 million people who have donated to this campaign. Chip in now to join them:  
Last night, swimmer   won gold and broke her own world record in the 400m freestyle. Congrats, Katie!  
Just imagine Donald Trump in the Oval Office facing a real crisis. We can’t afford that kind of risk.
Donald Trump is not only putting our national security at risk—he’s putting our economy at risk.  
We’re going to make sure the wealthy pay their fair share in taxes for a change:  
Donald Trump's plan is just a repackaging of trickle-down economics—and it doesn’t help our economy or the vast majority of Americans.
We've got to stand up against climate deniers.

There isn't a problem we can't solve if we put our minds to it:  
Watch live as Hillary stops in St. Petersburg, Florida, for a campaign rally on the choice we face on the economy:  
Here's what people with actual "tremendous business success" say about Donald Trump.  
"Clinton’s economic policies...will result in a stronger U.S. economy.” —Mark Zandi, John McCain's economic advisor  
Today's bombing of a hospital in Pakistan is despicable. We have to stand up against terror and come together to prevent these attacks. -H
In Rio, Olympic fencer Ibtihaj Muhammad became the first American Muslim athlete to compete while wearing a hijab.  
When you're comparing Hillary's and Trump's economic plans, there are two numbers you need to know.  
"I don't know another businessman that brags about his bankruptcies." —  on Trump:  
Donald Trump's economic plan:
1. Lower wages
2. Fewer jobs 
3. More debt
4. Tax breaks for the 0.1%
 
WATCH: This special 360 degree video allows you to experience the magic of the   balloon drop:  
"She doesn't just see one America. She sees all of America &amp; knows that we need all of us." —  on Hillary
 
We have some questions about  's cozy relationship with Russia.  
In America, if you can dream it, you should be able to build it.
 
The NRA is based in Virginia, but that's never stopped   from leading the fight to reduce gun violence.  
Donald Trump's no good, horrible, very bad week.  
Laurie Hernandez is the first U.S.-born Latina on the Olympic gymnastics team since '84. Good luck!    
"She will deliver on the most important duty of a president—keeping our nation safe." —Michael Morell on Hillary  
Three-time world all-around champion  _Biles is set to make history at the Olympics. Good luck, Simone!  
“On the issues, there’s no comparison in terms of thoughtfulness, thoroughness, and practicality." —   
So proud of you, Karla.
 
“ ” — 

Trump's peer reviews are dismal:  
45 reasons why Trump should never be president—just from this week alone.  
Seriously, what is going on with Trump and Russia?  
Why the   is urging voters to support Hillary in the “starkest political choice in living memory”:  
Why do Trump’s foreign policy ideas read like a Putin wish list?  
Four years ago today.  
… so yeah, it's been quite a week for Donald Trump.  
America is stronger when we expand access to the ballot box, not restrict it. It's time to  .  
Four gold medals and counting: Today,   hits the court in Rio to add to her collection.  
At the Paris 1900 games, golfer Margaret Abbott became the first American woman to win an Olympic gold medal.  
Trump just said he “doesn’t throw babies out” of his rallies...

Let’s review the record.
 
"We have never had a candidate that was more qualified to take the office of president." —  on Hillary  
This week, Trump attacked a fallen soldier's family, called Hillary "the devil," and criticized a crying baby.
 
Stronger Together comes out in Sept—a book on Hillary's policy plans and vision for America:    
Republicans agree: We can't give Donald Trump control of our nuclear codes.
 
"We have to reject and stand up against the appeals to the kind of bigotry...that we see from Trump’s campaign." —Hillary  
We launched an all-Spanish Twitter account,  _esp, because we believe in bringing as many people as possible into this conversation.
“I believe with all my heart that America is better than this. America is better than Donald Trump.” —Hillary
Trump retweets white nationalists. 
He talks about banning Muslims. 
And yes, he talks about curtailing press freedom as well.
Trump is harkening back to the most shameful chapters of our history and appealing to the ugliest impulses of our society.
It’s past time for comprehensive immigration reform, and we’re going to do everything we can to get it done:  
We’ve got to help every family afford the books, computers, and internet access that our kids need to learn in the 21st century.
Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the bus. Now we’ve got to expand economic opportunity so everyone can afford the fare.
The Great Recession hit our whole country hard, but the toll was especially hard on black and Latino families.
Tune in to watch Hillary speak live with the   and the  :  
"Trump is not only unqualified for the job, but he may well pose a threat to our national security." —Michael Morell  
Our first-ever gold medal-winning women's gymnastics team: the Magnificent Seven.  
We don't know why Trump and Putin praise each other so much and share many foreign policies.

We'll let you guess.
 
Watch an exclusive interview with   backstage at the Democratic Convention.
 
None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community, or lift a country alone. It takes a village.  
We know a guy with a binder,  . (He might not take your calls, though.)  
Wish   a happy birthday. Sign his card:  
You saw the Democratic Convention.

Now, watch the never-before-seen footage from backstage:
 
"If you're not registered, and you're eligible as an American citizen, please go sign up." —Hillary in Nevada:  
Anyone who you can provoke with a tweet should not be anywhere near nuclear weapons:  
Donald Trump is not qualified to be president, and he is temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.
Every week,   hits a new low.  
"That’s what 21st century feminism is about: The idea that when everybody is equal, we are all more free." —   
What our economy needs: The largest investment in creating good-paying jobs since World War II.  
Happy birthday,  .  
The   almost always backs the GOP nominee for president. Here’s why they endorsed Hillary in 2016:  
We have the most productive and competitive workers in the world. We just need to give them a chance to succeed.  
"I will take on the gun lobby for commonsense gun safety reform.” —Hillary:  
We are setting a goal to register 3 million more American citizens to vote:  
As president I will defend and protect America’s public lands.  
Anyone who can be provoked by a tweet shouldn’t be anywhere near nuclear weapons.
"There is no doubt in my mind that Donald Trump is unqualified and unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.” —Hillary
The RNC showed a negative, pessimistic view of America: That is not who we are.

Do we have challenges? Sure. Can we meet them? Absolutely!
"We gotta make this economy work for everybody, not just those at the top.” —Hillary  
Trump: "I love war, in a certain way."  
Trump thinks it's too hard to make his products in America, so we went and found 100 US manufacturers he could use.  
Donald Trump's message to workers: You're fired.
 
Making our economy work for everyone starts by making sure those at the top pay their fair share in taxes.
 
If Trump is serious about "making America great again," he should start by making his products in America.
 
Lincoln: "War, at its best, is terrible."
Trump: "I love war."

How Trump's words compare to former presidents':  
22 memorable moments from the Democratic Convention that you probably missed:    
Just 98 days until Election Day. Here are 98 things that depend on the choice we make on November 8:  
An important step forward on pay equity in Massachusetts. Women deserve equal pay across our nation.  
Under Trump, our economy would lose 3.5 million jobs.

Hillary's plan would create 10.4 million—in one term alone.  
All Kauveri wanted for her seventh birthday was to meet Hillary (and a Star Wars Lego set). She got both!  
This from a man who says he’s “sacrificed” for our country.  
The   painted a bright picture of America—filled with diversity, love &amp; hope.

The RNC was...different.  
12 moments from the past week that will make you proud to be a Democrat:  
. , when someone puts in the work, you are supposed to pay them.
 
A former McCain advisor says Hillary's policies "will result in a stronger U.S. economy under almost any scenario."  
Barack, Michelle, Joe, Bernie, Elizabeth, Bill, Tim, Hillary, and more: Watch the best moments from the DNC.
 
Road trip: Tag along on Hillary and  's bus tour through Ohio and Pennsylvania →    
Trump wants to be our Commander-in-Chief. Here's how he's treated veterans thus far:
 
Cheryl's husband died serving our country. 

Trump's company scammed her out of money she needed for her family.  
Why not carrier pigeons,  ?
 
.  brought the house down.
A Muslim family reminded us what America is about.
We shattered a glass ceiling.  
Watch backstage as Hillary,  , and their families listen to the benediction to close out the DNC.  
Meet another Gold Star family with some personal perspective on Donald Trump:
 
Your courage is inspiring, Mrs. Khan—and you’re right.  
Do all the good we can, in all the ways we can, in all the places we can, for all the people we can.
 
The   endorsed   in 2012. Here's why they're endorsing Hillary in 2016:  
Road trip.  
Thank you,  .  
Sarah McBride, the first trans person to speak at a party convention: "Despite our progress, so much work remains."  
Their paths may vary, but their call is the same. Meet the women of the U.S. Senate:
 
A night to remember.
 
The American people have always made this country great.  
Captain Khan and his family represent the best of America, and we salute them.  
Our Commander-in-Chief shouldn’t insult and deride our generals, retired or otherwise.

That really should go without saying.
Donald Trump says he wants to "make America great again."

Well, he could start by actually making things in America.
We're going to make the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II:  
“Donald Trump spoke for 75 minutes and offered zero solutions.” —Hillary on Trump’s convention speech:  
“I don’t think President Obama &amp; Vice President Biden get the credit they deserve for saving the American economy.”  
Americans don’t say: “I alone can fix it.”

We say: “Ok, how are we going to fix this together?”
Don’t believe anyone who says “I alone can fix it.”

Those were actually Donald Trump’s words at the Republican convention in Cleveland.
We have the most productive workers in the world. We just need to give our people a chance to succeed:  
"On Thursday, I was incredibly grateful and humbled to accept the Democratic Party’s nomination." —Hillary
Listen in from Johnstown, PA as Hillary and   discuss innovation and manufacturing:  
Get live updates from Hillary and  's bus tour →    
When any barrier falls in America, it clears the way for everyone.  
If you want to see the best of America, you need look no further than the example set by Army Captain Humayun Khan.
 
Hillary accepted the Democratic nomination for president on Thursday. (There were balloons.)    
Donald Trump has painted a dark, divisive picture of America. We have 102 days to stop him from becoming president.
 
Headlines for the history books.  
With the first local transmission of Zika in FL, it’s even more critical for Republicans to stop blocking action:  
Big victory for democracy as the 4th Circuit just struck down a NC voter discrimination law. Let’s keep fighting to make voting easier. -H
Capt. Khan embodied the best of our values when his actions saved his unit. Last night, his parents told his story:
 
“Contrary to Donald Trump, I believe every time we knock down a barrier in America, it liberates everyone in America.” —Hillary
"We've got to make this economy work for everyone, not just those at the top." —Hillary:  
"Our Founders came together to create one nation because they knew what we know: We are stronger together." —Hillary
“As of tomorrow, we have 100 days to make our case to America. 

So what better place to kick off this campaign than where it all started?"
"This has been such an exciting...week!

We heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton &amp; the man of hope, Barack Obama."  
Hillary &amp;   take the stage in Philadelphia at their first campaign rally as the official Democratic ticket:  
"Let’s look to the future with courage and confidence.

Let’s build a better tomorrow for our beloved children."  
The next president—and her husband.  
Let's go win this, together.  
Thank you.  
In America, we’re always stronger together.  
"Yes, the world is watching what we do.
Yes, America's destiny is ours to choose.
So let's be stronger together my fellow Americans!"
"We lost our mother a few years ago but I miss her every day. And I still hear her voice urging me to keep working, keep fighting for right"
"She never let me back down from any challenge...she was right. You have to stand up to bullies." —Hillary on advice from her mom, Dorothy
Every generation of Americans has come together to make our country freer, fairer, and stronger. None of us…can do it alone.” —Hillary
“Enough with the bigotry and bombast. Donald Trump's not offering real change, he’s offering empty promises.” —Hillary
“Here's the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.” —Hillary
Let’s put ourselves in the shoes of young black &amp; Latino people who face the effects of systemic racism and feel their lives are disposable.
"I refuse to believe we can't find common ground here. We have to heal the divides in our country.” —Hillary  
We need to start listening to each other.
Hearing each other.
Walking in each other’s shoes.
"I'm not here to take away your guns. I just don't want you to be shot by someone who shouldn't have a gun in the first place.” —Hillary
"If we’re serious about keeping our country safe, we also can’t afford to have a president who’s in the pocket of the gun lobby." —Hillary
"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons." —Hillary
"Donald Trump can't even handle the rough-and-tumble of a presidential campaign...Imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis."
"A president should respect the men and women who risk their lives to serve our country." —Hillary
"Donald Trump says, and this is a quote, 'I know more about ISIS than the generals do.'  

No, Donald, you don't.” —Hillary
"I'm proud that we shaped a global climate agreement. Now we have to hold every country accountable to their commitments" —Hillary
"Keeping our nation safe and honoring the people who do that work will be my highest priority.” —Hillary
"Donald Trump says he wants to make America great again—well, he could start by actually making things in America again." —Hillary
"Please explain to me what part of America First leads him to make Trump ties in China, not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan."
"Remember what the president said last night: Don’t boo, vote!” —Hillary:  
"In Atlantic City…you will find contractors and small businesses who lost everything because Donald Trump refused to pay his bills" —Hillary
"If you believe that every man, woman &amp; child in America has the right to affordable health care, join us!” —Hillary  
"If fighting for affordable child care and paid family leave is playing the woman card, then deal me in!” —Hillary  
“Way too many dreams die in the parking lots of banks. In America, if you can dream it, you should be able to do it.” —Hillary
"Bernie Sanders and I will work together to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for all." —Hillary
“If you believe that your working mother, wife, sister, or daughter deserve equal pay, join us!” —Hillary
"If you believe we should expand Social Security and protect a woman's right to make her own heath care decisions, join us!” —Hillary
"If you believe that companies should share profits with their workers, not pad executive bonuses, join us." —Hillary
"Comprehensive immigration reform will grow our economy and keep families together, and it’s the right thing to do." —Hillary
"When we have millions of hardworking immigrants contributing to our economy, it would be self-defeating and inhumane to kick them out."
"I believe that climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of good-paying clean energy jobs." —Hillary
"It’s wrong to take tax breaks with one hand and give out pink slips with the other." —Hillary
“We'll pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United!” —Hillary
“With your help, I will carry all of your voices with us to the White House!” —Hillary  
"I believe that our economy isn't working the way it should because our democracy isn't working the way it should." —Hillary
"My primary mission as president will be to create more opportunity and more good jobs with rising wages right here in the United States."
“Democrats, we are the party of working people.” —Hillary
"When any barrier falls in America, for anyone, it clears the way for everyone...when there are no ceilings, the sky’s the limit." —Hillary
"We’ve reached a milestone...the first time that a major party has nominated a woman for president." —Hillary  
"I will be a president for Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. For the struggling, the striving and the successful…for all Americans."
"It’s true: I sweat the details of policy...because it’s not just a detail if it’s your kid, if it’s your family. It’s a big deal."
"Simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws." —Hillary
"No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up." —Hillary
"I accept your nomination for president of the United States!” —Hillary  
"Through all these years of public service, the 'service' part has always come easier to me than the 'public' part." —Hillary
"It is with humility, determination, and boundless confidence in America’s promise that I accept your nomination for president!" —Hillary
"'Stronger Together’ is...not just a slogan for our campaign. It’s a guiding principle for the country we’ve always been." —Hillary
"None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community or lift a country totally alone.” —Hillary  
"Americans don’t say, 'I alone can fix it.' They say, ‘We’ll fix it together!’” —Hillary
"Don’t believe anyone who says 'I alone can fix it.’ Yes, those were actually Donald Trump’s words in Cleveland." —Hillary
Don’t let anyone tell you that our country is weak—we’re not.

Don’t let anyone tell you we don’t have what it takes—we do.
"We have the most dynamic and diverse people in the world. We have the most tolerant and generous young people we've ever had." —Hillary
"We will not ban a religion—we will work with all Americans and our allies to fight and defeat terrorism." —Hillary
"We will not build a wall—instead, we will build an economy where everyone who wants a good job can get one." —Hillary
FDR came up with the perfect rebuke to Donald Trump more than 80 years ago:

“The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.”
"He's taken the Republican Party a long way, from 'Morning in America’ to 'Midnight in America.’” —Hillary on Trump
"We heard Donald Trump’s answer last week at his convention. He wants to divide us...He wants us to fear the future and fear each other."
“We have to decide whether we’re going to work together so we can all rise together.” —Hillary
"Our Founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together.” —Hillary
“ , you’ve put economic and social justice issues front and center where they belong.” —Hillary  
"To all of your supporters here and around the country: I want you to know, I've heard you." —Hillary on  
"I want to thank Bernie Sanders. Bernie, your campaign inspired millions of Americans.” —Hillary
"For those of you out there who are just getting to know  ...he'll make the whole country proud as our vice president." —Hillary
"We heard from… . He spoke from his big heart about our party’s commitment to working people." —Hillary  
"America is stronger because of President Obama's leadership, and I am better because of his friendship." —Hillary  
“We heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton.

And the man of hope, Barack Obama.” —Hillary  
"Bill, that conversation we started in the law library 45 years ago, it is still going strong.” —Hillary
"Chelsea, thank you. I am so proud to be your mother and so proud of the woman you’ve become." —Hillary
"Regardless of what was happening in her life, she was always, always there for me.” —   
"Mom, Grandma would be so, so proud of you tonight.” — 
“This November, I’m voting for a woman…who knows women’s rights are human rights…here at home and around the world.” — 
"People ask me all the time: How does she do it?…Here’s how: It’s because she never, ever forgets who she’s fighting for.” — 
"She always feels like there isn’t a moment to lose because she knows that for that mother, for that family, there isn’t.” — 
So proud.  
"I’m here as a proud American, a proud Democrat, a proud mother, and tonight, in particular, a very, very proud daughter.” — 
Getting ready.  
"That's right—I love Hillary too." —   
About to head out and accept your nomination for president. I’m so grateful to everyone who made this moment possible. -H
Get the latest from the   floor before Hillary takes the stage:  
Watch live: Get an exclusive look at the   before Hillary officially accepts the nomination →  
"Some issues are not left vs. right or liberal vs. conservative, they are right vs. wrong." —Rev. William Barber  
"When Flint's water poisons its children, it hurts all of us. These are our children." —   
A night we'll never forget.
 
It's all happening. Tune in for an exclusive look at the   as Hillary officially accepts the nomination.
 
“Her words gave me strength during one of the toughest tests of my life.” —  on Hillary  
"No matter how daunting the odds; no matter how much people try to knock her down, she never, ever quits." —   
Ready to pass the baton.  
On day three, the   officially welcomed   to the ticket—and   brought down the house:  
"I ask you to do for Hillary Clinton what you did for me.

I ask you to carry her the same way you carried me.”  
We love you back,  .  
"Thank you for this incredible journey.
Let’s keep it going.
God bless the United States of America!" —   
"I’m asking you to join me, to reject cynicism...to summon what’s best in us; to elect Hillary Clinton as the next president” — 
"America, you have vindicated that hope these past eight years. And now I’m ready to pass the baton.” — 
“You’re who I was talking about twelve years ago, when I talked about hope.” — 
"Tonight, I ask you to do for Hillary Clinton what you did for me. I ask you to carry her the same way you carried me.” — 
"We don’t fear the future; we shape it, we embrace it, as one people, stronger together than we are on our own.” — 
“Democracy isn’t a spectator sport. America isn’t about 'yes he will.' It’s about 'yes we can.’” — 
"Hillary Clinton is that woman in the arena.

She’s been there for us, even if we haven’t always noticed." — 
"There has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president." —   
"We all need to get out and vote for Democrats up and down the ticket, and then hold them accountable until they get the job done.” — 
"Democracy works, America, but we gotta want it—not just during an election year, but all the days in between.” — 
“The American Dream is something no wall will ever contain.” — 
"She knows that for progress to happen, we have to listen to each other, and see ourselves in each other.” —  on Hillary
"America has never been about what one person says he’ll do for us. It’s always been about what can be achieved by us, together.” — 
"That’s who we are.
That’s our birthright.
The capacity to shape our own destiny."
— 
"Ronald Reagan called America 'a shining city on a hill.'

Donald Trump calls it 'a divided crime scene' that only he can fix.'" — 
"America is already great. America is already strong &amp; I promise you, our strength, our greatness, does not depend on Donald Trump.” — 
"Meanwhile, Donald Trump calls our military a disaster…he suggests America is weak.” — 
"She is fit and she is ready to be the next Commander-in-Chief.” —  on Hillary
"I know Hillary won’t relent until ISIL is destroyed.” — 
"Hillary Clinton is respected around the world, not just by leaders, but by the people they serve.” — 
“Then there’s Donald Trump. He’s not really a plans guy, not really a facts guy either.” — 
"Don't boo, vote!” —   
“Tim Kaine is as good a man, as humble and committed a public servant, as anyone I know. He will be a great vice president.” — 
“There has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president of the United States of America.” — 
"No matter how daunting the odds.
No matter how much people try to knock her down.
She never, ever quits."
—  on Hillary
“She sat with me in the Situation Room and forcefully argued in favor of the mission that took out Osama bin Laden” —  on Hillary
“Nothing truly prepares you for the demands of the Oval Office…but Hillary’s been in the room; she’s been part of those decisions.” — 
“She was doing everything I was, but just like Ginger Rogers, it was backwards in heels.” —  on the 2008 election
“A leader with real plans to break down barriers,...the next president of the United States Hillary Clinton.” — 
"What I see is Americans of every party, every background, every faith who believe that we are stronger together.” — 
“As I’ve traveled this country…what I’ve also seen, more than anything, is what is right with America.” — 
"The America I know is full of courage, and optimism, and ingenuity. The America I know is decent and generous.” — 
“What we heard was a deeply pessimistic vision of a country where we turn against each other.” —  on last week’s GOP convention
“This is not your typical election…this is a more fundamental choice about...whether we stay true to this great American experiment” — 
"We’re not done perfecting our union or living up to our founding creed—that all of us are created equal.” — 
“We still have more work to do. More work to do for every American still in need of a good job or a raise.” — 
“By so many measures, our country is stronger and more prosperous than it was when we started.” — 
“America learned that love has no limits, and marriage equality is now a reality across the land.” — 
"We brought more of our troops home to their families, and we delivered justice to Osama bin Laden." — 
"After a century of trying, we declared that health care in America is not a privilege for a few. It is a right for everybody.” — 
"I stand before you again tonight, after almost two terms as your president, to tell you I am even more optimistic about the future" — 
"I was so young that first time in Boston...maybe a little nervous addressing such a big crowd, but I was filled with faith.” — 
"Twelve years ago tonight, I addressed this convention for the very first time." — 
Fired up, ready to go!  
"Hillary is ready.
Ready to fight.
Ready to win.
Ready to lead."
—   
"Folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth.” —   
"Hillary has a passion for kids and families. Donald Trump has a passion, too.

It's himself!" —   
"The richest thing about Donald Trump is his hypocrisy." —   
"Hillary Clinton understands that this is not reality television, this is reality!" — 
"The bottom line is Trump is a risky, reckless, and radical choice, and we can't afford to make that choice." — 
"Trump says he wants to run the nation like he’s run his business.

God help us!" — 
"I believe we need a president who is a problem solver, not a bomb thrower." — 
"I built a business, and I didn’t start it with a $1 million check from my father.” —  on Donald Trump
"We must unite around the candidate who can defeat a dangerous demagogue." —  on the stakes in this race
"I believe it is an imperative that we elect Hillary Clinton as the next President of the United States.” — 
“He says he cares about the middle class? Give me a break.

That’s a bunch of malarkey!" —  on Donald Trump  
"We do not scare easily. We never bow. We never bend. We never break when confronted with crisis.” — 
“A man who seeks to sow division in America for his own gain…we simply cannot let that happen as Americans—period.” —  on Trump
"No major party nominee in the history of this nation has known less or been less prepared to deal with...national security" —Biden on Trump
Trump "doesn’t have a clue about the middle class…
“He has no clue about what makes America great. 
Actually, he has no clue—period." —Biden
“He says he cares about the middle class?
Give me a break. 

That’s a bunch of malarkey." —  on Donald Trump
"His lack of empathy and compassion can be summed up in the phrase…he’s proud he made famous—'you’re fired.'" —  on Donald Trump
"There’s only one person in this race who will be there, who’s always been there…that’s Hillary Clinton's life’s story" — 
"We all understand what it will mean for our daughters and granddaughters when Hillary Clinton walks into the Oval Office." — 
"Hillary understands that a college loan is about a lot more than getting a qualified child an education." — 
"Everybody knows she’s smart.
Everybody knows she’s tough.

But I know what she’s passionate about—I know Hillary." — 
“He’s become a brother to Jill and me—and Michelle…you are incredible.” —  on   and  
"Every day we’re grateful to Barack and Michelle for asking us to join them on this incredible journey.” — 
Watch night three of   live on Facebook as  ,  , and   take the stage →  
"He knows at its best, politics is always a matter of the heart.” –  on    
What the world needs now is love.  
"Speaking is difficult for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President.” —   
"In the White House, she will stand up to the gun lobby. That’s why I'm voting for Hillary!” —   
"In Congress, I learned a powerful lesson: Strong women get things done.” — 
"As president, she will do what is right for our nation, not what is politically expedient.” —  on Hillary
“We say their names, but that is not enough” —  on the victims of gun violence  
"I would give every single day that I have left for just one more day with my mom." —Erica Smegielski  
"I’m here without my mother while too many politicians cower behind the gun lobby.” —Erica Smegielski  
“It is time to take Washington back from the gun lobby!” —   
Text LAWS to 47246 to learn about the dangerous loopholes in our gun laws and get the information you need to help reduce gun violence.
“There is no reason to feel helpless about the horrifying trajectory of cascading massacres…We can change this.” — 
“She stood up to the NRA, and Hillary Clinton pledged to take Washington back from the gun lobby.” —   
Thank you, Christine. We're all standing by your side.  
"Trump says global warming is a hoax.⁰⁰

I say Trump is a fraud.” —     
“From her first day in office, President Hillary Clinton will do what’s needed to combat climate change.” —   
“While Trump talks and talks and talks, Hillary does stuff. She fights for us on the big issues.”—   
"It’s time to put a bully, racist in his place and a tough woman in hers—the White House!" —   
"I am here to tell you that Hillary Clinton is as tough as they come." —   
"Republicans want to tear down the pillars of middle-class security. We won’t let that happen!" —   
"Middle-class families fighting to give your kids a better life: Democrats stand in your corner." —   
"This is not merely unacceptable or wrong, though it is both. What happened in Flint is immoral." —Hillary
 
The story of Bill and Hillary, in photos:    
"I trust Hillary because...I've seen her lifelong devotion to our nation's children." —   
Last night, we put the biggest crack yet in that highest, hardest glass ceiling. Here are the highlights:  
"She is still the best darn change maker I have ever known.” —  on Hillary  
"Hillary will make us stronger together. You know it because she’s spent a lifetime doing it." —   
A young girl asked Hillary, "Do you think when you're president, you'll be paid as much as a man?"
 
History made.
 
"What I admire most about Hillary is that she never buckles under pressure." —     
We just put the biggest crack in that glass ceiling yet.” —Hillary  
“Hillary Clinton will be our first woman president.

And she will be a great president." —Meryl Streep  
“Hillary will make us stronger together. You know it because she spent a lifetime doing it.” —   
"She is still the best darn changemaker I have ever known.” —  on Hillary
"How do you square the things I told you with the picture the Republicans painted of their opponent in Cleveland? You can’t." — 
"She launched a team to fight back against terrorists online and built a new global counter-terrorism effort.” — 
“She backed President Obama’s decision to go after Osama bin Laden.” —  on Hillary  
"She flew all night from Cambodia to the Middle East to get a ceasefire to avoid a shooting war between Hamas and Israel." — 
"NY elected her to the seat once held by another outsider, Robert Kennedy. She didn’t let him down.” —  on Hillary’s Senate run
“She’s a changemaker. That’s what she does.” —  on Hillary helping 8 million kids get health coverage  
“This woman had never been satisfied with the status quo. She always wants to move the ball forward.” —  on Hillary
"She’s insatiably curious, she’s a natural leader, she’s a good organizer, and she’s the best darn changemaker I’ve seen.” — 
“Looks to me like we elected the wrong Clinton.” —an Arkansas judge on Hillary’s work on rural education as first lady of Arkansas
“Hillary opened my eyes to a whole new world of public service.” —   
"It was the greatest moment of my life...and the...conviction that my daughter had the best mother in the world” —Bill on Chelsea being born
“I married my best friend. I was still in awe of…how smart and strong and loving and caring she was.” —  on Hillary
"Hillary enjoyed teaching, encouraging her students to believe in themselves and their potential.” — 
“She never made fun of people with disabilities. She tried to empower them based on their abilities.” —  on Hillary
"Then she went down to South Texas…and registered Mexican-American voters.” —  on Hillary
"She became so involved in children’s issues that she...took an extra year in law school, working at the Child Study Center.” — 
"Knowing her was one of Hillary’s greatest gifts to me.” —  on Hillary’s mother, Dorothy Rodham
"I asked her to take a walk with me to the Yale Art Museum. We’ve been walking and talking and laughing together ever since.” — 
"I was so impressed and surprised that, whether you believe it or not, I was momentarily speechless.”  —  on meeting Hillary
“In the spring of 1971 I met a girl. The first time I saw her we were...in a class on Political and Civil Rights.” —  on Hillary
You won’t want to miss this. Watch   take the stage at the  :  
"She is the best qualified person for this moment in history." —  on Hillary
 
"Safeguarding freedom and security is not like hosting a TV reality show. It...demands a cool head, but also a big heart." — 
"This fall, we must do everything we can to make sure that Hillary becomes our next Commander-in- Chief." —   
"I trusted her when my life was on the line, and she came through.” —9/11 survivor, Lauren Manning  
"Donald Trump and Mike Pence: We are not going back to the dark days when women died in back alleys." —   
"Let’s declare: Love trumps hate!” —  and    
"Make no mistake about it: Women's health and rights are on the line and on the ballot in this election.” —   
No mother should have to feel this loss.  
“I would not have signed up for this. None of us would have. I am here today for my son, Trayvon Martin, who is in heaven” —Sybrina Fulton
“Sandy, my fourth of five daughters, was gone… So many of our children gone but not forgotten” —Geneva Reed-Veal, Sandra Bland’s mother.
"Let's build. Let's unite." —Maria Hamilton, mother of Dontre Hamilton
 
Thank you, President Carter.  
This moment is for every little girl who dreams big.  
 
Stronger together.  
History.  
Getting ready to make some history.    
“This one’s for you, Hill.”    
"I am pleased to second the nomination for Hillary Clinton as the party candidate for president!” —   
“Tonight, we will shatter that glass ceiling again.” —  on nominating Hillary for president  
“We have made too much progress, and we are not going back, we are going forward." —   
“Some people want to rant, but Hillary wants to get results.” —   
Watch Hillary become the first woman presidential nominee of a major political party:    
You heard  . Here's how you can get involved in this campaign →    
On most campaigns, there isn't much ambiguity as to whether the candidate does or doesn't back KKK leaders.  
RT if last night made you proud to be a Democrat.  
 
Day one of the Democratic Convention is in the books. Catch up on what you missed here:    
"When we are indivisible, we are invincible." —  at the   last night    
"It is ridiculous that there has never been a female president before."
 
“Because of Hillary Clinton, my daughters...can take it for granted that a woman can be president.” —   
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president and I am proud to stand with her tonight.” —   
"I served with her in the United States Senate and know her as a fierce advocate for the rights of children.” —   
"While...Trump is busy insulting one group after another, Hillary...understands that our diversity is one of our greatest strengths" —Bernie
"Donald Trump? Well, like most Republicans, he chooses to reject science. He believes that climate change is a 'hoax.'” — 
“Hillary Clinton will nominate justices to the Supreme Court who are prepared to overturn Citizens United.” —   
"Hillary...understands that if someone in this country works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty." — 
"Hillary Clinton must become the next president of the United States.” —   
"We have come a long way in the last 7 1/2 years and I thank President Obama and Vice President Biden for their leadership." — 
Happening now: Watch   address the   →    
"Trump’s entire campaign is just one more, late-night Trump infomercial.” —     
Couldn’t agree more,  .  
“If you believe we are stronger together, then let’s work our hearts out to make Hillary Clinton the next president.” — 
“We’re not going to be Donald Trump’s hate-filled America—not now, not ever!” —   
"When we turn on each other, we can’t unite to fight back against a rigged system.” —   
“That’s Donald Trump’s America—an America of fear and hate.” —   
"He even picked a vice president famous for trying to make it legal to openly discriminate against gays and lesbians." —Warren on Trump
"Last week...Trump spoke for more than an hour...But other than talking about building a stupid wall…did you hear any actual ideas?" –Warren
"What kind of a man cheats students, cheats investors, cheats workers? ... A man who must never be president" —Warren on Trump  
"What kind of a man roots for an economic crash that cost millions of people their jobs? Their homes? Their life savings?" —Warren on Trump
"He preyed on...people who had fallen on hard times. He’s conned them, he’s defrauded them, and he’s ripped them off.” —Warren on Trump
Watch   live at the   in Philadelphia:  
"Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life." —     
"We need to pour every last ounce of our passion and our strength and our love for this country into electing Hillary Clinton." — 
"Don’t let anyone ever tell you that this country isn’t great...This, right now, is the greatest country on earth." —   
“Because of Hillary Clinton, my daughters…now take for granted that a woman can be president of the United States.” —   
"Hillary understands that the presidency is about one thing and one thing only—it’s about leaving something better for our kids." — 
"In this election, I’m with her!" —  on Hillary  
"We don’t turn against each other—no, we listen to each other. We lean on each other because we are always stronger together." — 
"Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life." —   
"When she didn’t win the nomination 8 years ago, she didn’t get...disillusioned...she proudly stepped up to serve our country." — 
"There is only one person...truly qualified to be president of the United States, and that is our friend Hillary Clinton." — 
Happening now: Watch   speak at the  :  
"Let us declare again that we are a nation of interdependence and that in America, love always trumps hate." —   
"We are the United States of America.
We will not falter or fail.
We will not retreat or surrender." —   
“America, we will rise.” —   
"Hillary Clinton knows what Donald Trump betrays time and time again in this campaign: that we are not a zero sum nation." — 
"Trump says he would run our country like he has run his businesses. Well, I’m from Jersey...we see how he leads in Atlantic City.” —Booker
“Patriotism is love of country. But you can’t love your country without loving your countrymen and your countrywomen.” — 
“Generations of heroic Americans have made our nation more inclusive, more expansive, and more just.” —   
“Our forefathers gathered in this very city, and they declared before the world that would be a free and independent nation." —Sen. Booker
Watch live as   takes the stage at the  :  
“So guess what Donald? It turns out America is pretty great already.” —   
Thank you,  , for describing your experience dealing with mental illness with such courage.    
"I know she will fight to keep our families together, nuestras familias” —DREAMer  _NV on Hillary  
"Valiente. Brave. That’s what Hillary...called me when I told her I was worried my parents would be deported" —Karla  
"When Donald Trump talks about deporting 11 million people, he’s talking about...separating families like mine and like Karla’s" — _NV
“My family believed so deeply in the promise of this country that we risked everything for the American Dream.” —DREAMer activist  _NV
We need comprehensive immigration reform to keep families like Karla's together.  
 
Tonight,   voted for the most progressive party platform ever. Here are some highlights:    
Opioid addiction is destroying too many lives across our country. It's time to end this epidemic.
 
We don't just believe in a country where no one is left out or left behind—we're making it a reality.
 
Let’s make sure our future is in the right hands.      
It's not just history that's watching us—it's the future, too.    
Get the details you need to know ahead of day one at the  :  
We’re ready to kick off a historic  .

Watch live:    
"He is a progressive who likes to get things done. That’s just my kind of guy." –Hillary on    
Putting Donald Trump in charge of our economy would be devastating for working families.
 
No matter where you are, you can help Hillary win in November. All you need is a smartphone.  
 
“Everyone who has served deserves our thanks...and you deserve a country and a president and Commander-in-Chief who honors your service."
The freedoms and privileges that we enjoy as Americans didn’t come out of thin air. People fought and bled and died for them.
"We are not going to privatize the V.A., we’re going to reform it." —Hillary
"I believe that he and all American prisoners of war are heroes.” —Hillary on Senator John McCain
“I don’t understand people who trash talk about America…who act as if we are not yet the greatest country that has ever been created.”
Our troops strive to conduct themselves with honor.

They deserve a Commander-in-Chief who will never order them to commit war crimes.
"One thing’s for certain: You won’t ever hear me praising dictators and strongmen who have no love for America.” —Hillary on Donald Trump
"I believe in being firm but wise with our rivals—finding common ground where we can and standing our ground when we must." —Hillary
"Americans aren’t just choosing a president, we’re also choosing a Commander-in-Chief." —Hillary to the  
Hillary's speaking at the  . Tune in now:  
.  is everything Donald Trump and Mike Pence are not: progressive and qualified to lead on day one.  
For more than a decade,  's been leading the fight against the NRA—right in their own backyard.
 
There's never been a campaign app like this before. Download it today to help Hillary win.  
 
People had some fun with a new game we invented: Sad! Libs.  
"Do all the good you can—measure your life by the positive effect you can have on other people’s lives." —   
"Couldn't have said it better!" —David Duke, former grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, on Donald Trump's RNC speech  
Trump's convention message: fear and hate.

RT if you agree we're better than this.
 
"  is a good man. He’s a true progressive. And he will make a great vice president." —   
"Donald will betray his supporters on every issue." —  on the   nominee  
"It's hard to find a project he touched that did not produce allegations of broken promises...or outright fraud."
 
Trump, translated:

✓Build the wall
✓Add $34 trillion to the national debt
✓Revoke 20 million Americans' insurance  
Your   nominee for president has some thoughts on graphic design.
 
Our goal: 3 million people to register and commit to vote by Nov. 8

Help us get there. →  
 
Outraged by today's attack in Kabul that killed dozens who were peacefully demonstrating. We stand with the Afghan people against terror. -H
"I don't defend what he says." —  on      
"Tough times don't last, but tough people do."  —  in his first speech as Hillary's running mate
 
Help welcome   to the team. Get your sticker today to show your support:    
“Let’s go make history and elect Hillary Clinton the 45th president of the United States.” —   
"America was built on courage, on imagination, and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.” —  quoting Harry Truman
"You’re right, he doesn’t trash talk everybody. He likes Vladimir Putin.” —  on Donald Trump
“I know the NRA...They’ve campaigned against me in every statewide race I’ve ever run, but I’ve never lost an election.” — 
"Hillary and I will not rest...until we get universal background checks and close loopholes.” —  on preventing gun violence
“In the first 100 days, we’ll put forward a comprehensive immigration reform package that includes a path to citizenship.” — 
“We’ll make sure that Wall Street, and corporations, and the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes.” — 
"We’re going to make our economy work for everybody, not just those at the top.” — 
"There are an awful lot of people who’ve put their trust and faith in Hillary. And she has always delivered.” — 
"I’m a Catholic, and Hillary is a Methodist, but I tell you, her creed is the same as mine: 
Do all the good you can.” — 
"If I’m good at anything in public life, it’s because I started at the local level—listening to people...&amp; trying to find consensus." —Kaine
"Marrying Anne was, and remains, the best decision of my life.” — 
“My mom once told me…‘if you want to do right, be an optimist.’” — 
Tim has spent most of his life in public service because he believes in doing everything he can to make a difference in people’s lives.
"Hillary Clinton is the exact opposite of Donald Trump.

She doesn’t insult people. She listens to them." — 
"What does Donald Trump say about these great Americans?

He calls the American military 'a disaster.’” — 
"Join us. Take out your phone right now and text JOIN to 47246. Or go to  " —Hillary
"I can’t think of any better person to have by my side on the campaign trail and in the White House." —Hillary
"Tim has led on some of the most important issues facing our country—from voting rights to LGBT equality to criminal justice reform."
Trump's dangerously wrong when he says “I alone can fix it.”

Americans haver never put our faith in one man—we put our faith in each other.
Make no mistake: Behind that smile,   has a backbone of steel.

Just ask the NRA.
The people who know   best have voted to give him a promotion because he fights for the people he represents and delivers results.
Pence slashed education funding in Indiana &amp; gave tax cuts to the wealthiest.

Kaine cut his own salary &amp; invested in education in Virginia.
During law school, when his classmates were taking internships at prestigious firms,   served as a missionary in Honduras.
"Tim is everything Donald Trump &amp; Mike Pence are not…he is a progressive who likes to get things done. That’s just my kind of guy." —Hillary
“In Philadelphia, we’ll offer a very different vision for our country. One that is about building bridges, not walls.” —Hillary
Donald Trump may think America is in decline, but he’s wrong.

America’s best days are still ahead of us.
"After everything we saw at the Republican Convention...being here with you on this beautiful day is like a breath of fresh air." —Hillary
Live from Miami: Hillary takes the stage in her first appearance with her running mate,   →  
If you want to know what someone’s really like, ask his neighbors when he's not around.  
This is what dauntless leadership looks like. Thank you,  —proud to call you a friend. -H  
Trump, translated:

✓Build the wall
✓Add $34 trillion to the national debt
✓Revoke 20 million Americans' insurance  
Welcome to the team,  .  
Meet  —Hillary's running mate and the next vice president of the United States.  
. 's guiding principle: the belief that you can make a difference through public service.  
.  is a relentless optimist who believes no problem is unsolvable if you put in the work to solve it.
 
I'm thrilled to announce my running mate,  , a man who's devoted his life to fighting for others. -H  
Donald Trump told lie after lie last night because it's all he has to offer the American people.  
"The best way I can sum up what I hope this election will lead to...is: Love trumps hate." —Hillary
"The last thing we need is somebody running for president who talks trash about America." —Hillary in Tampa
"I've never known America to quit on ourselves. I've never known us to give up in the face of tough challenges." —Hillary
"We need more love and kindness in this country...The last thing we need are leaders who try to divide us even more than we are." —Hillary
"He sure doesn’t speak for me, because I know we are stronger together, and that’s what we’re going to be." —Hillary on Trump
"He doesn’t speak for anyone who thinks our country should be standing together, not splintering apart." —Hillary  
"He doesn’t speak for immigrants...I don’t think he speaks for women. I don’t think he speaks for working families." —Hillary on Trump
"As I recall, we had a revolution to make sure we didn't have someone who said, 'I can fix it alone.'" —Hillary  
"I've never heard an American leader...claiming that he's all we need. That's not a democracy, my friends." —Hillary
Donald Trump’s speech last night took it to a whole new level. He offered a lot of anger and fear and resentment—but no solutions.
“I never thought I’d say these words, but Ted Cruz was right...in this election, do the right thing and vote your conscience.” —Hillary
"Hard to believe they spent so much time talking about me and no time talking about jobs or education or health care." —Hillary on the RNC
"I think after the last week...we'd better be ready to go win an election in November." —Hillary in Tampa
Monitoring the horrific situation in Munich. We stand with our friends in Germany as they work to bring those responsible to justice. -H
What Trump really means when he says "Make America Great Again”:  
This is Trump's party. This could be Trump's America.

Don't let it.
 
WATCH: Damning video undermines Trump momentum after accepting nomination →  
Donald Trump doesn't represent us.
His ideas don't represent us.
And his values don't represent us.
Add your name:  
President. Donald. Trump.

Get your free sticker to show the world you're not about to let that happen:  
How will you feel if you wake up on Jan. 20 to President Trump? Chip in now to help keep him out of the White House:  
As of tonight, only one thing is standing between Donald Trump and the presidency: all of us. Get your free sticker:  
This is real—Donald Trump just accepted the   nomination.

RT if you agree: We can't let him become president.  
"I’m with you*" — 

*Not included: women, African Americans, LGBT people, Muslims, Latinos, immigrants...
History is watching.  
Every 👈  time 👈   👈 makes 👈 you 👈 mad 👈 chip 👈 in👈  $1.    
We are better than this.
Your party's official platform supports “conversion therapy,”   .  
Here's how the Republican ticket would "protect" LGBT Americans.    
Trump is right about one thing.    
You are not our voice,  .
.  ranked a Donald Trump presidency as the third greatest threat to the global economy.    
Let's review the record.  
If Trump wants to talk about debt, let’s start with the $34 trillion (that's a "t") his tax plan would run up.  
Show   that his hateful words have a cost. Chip in $1 every time he lies.    
👀     
About  's views on working women and pregnancy.  
Follow   tonight for live fact-checking of Donald Trump’s   speech. The best facts, in fact.
.  has the best words when you're not running for president.    
"I already have a concentration camp...it's called Tent City." —Joe Arpaio, Trump endorser and   speaker  
Introducing ¡Hillary en español!, a new account to bring you the latest from this campaign in Spanish. Follow  _esp.
"It's pretty obvious he doesn't know a lot about the issues." —  on Trump

We couldn't agree more, Mitch  
So much for party unity.
 
"Dummy."
"Slob."
"Animal."

Here's what   has said about you:    
Mike Pence introduced himself to America last night. Here's what we learned—and what he forgot to mention:  
It’s hard to keep track of all of the ignorant and divisive things Trump and Pence have said—so we did it for you.  
Now might be a good time to follow us on Snapchat.    
"A sniveling coward" 
"Carnival barker"
Just some of the things Republicans at the   have said about Trump:  
Hillary's spent her career helping others.  ? He only helps himself. A side-by-side comparison:  
Now we know what Trump really thinks about us. Sad!      
"If I were in charge, they would know...waterboarding is how we'd baptize terrorists." —Sarah Palin, Trump supporter  
Introducing  : Discover what   thinks about people like you.    
"You do not represent us.
Your ideas don’t represent us.
Your values don’t represent us."

Add your name:  
Donald Trump is...occasionally right.  
 
Vote your conscience.  
Don’t boo—buck Trump 👉      
Mike Pence tried to legalize LGBT discrimination in Indiana—and cost the state millions in the process.    
You don't say, Mike.    
If you thought Donald Trump was going to pick a running mate who would appeal to moderates, think again.  
Donald Trump chose one of the most anti-LGBT politicians in the country to be his Vice President.    
A few things you should know about Trump's V̶P̶ ̶p̶i̶c̶k̶ convention speaker, Newt Gingrich.  
 
We made this when we thought Newt might be Trump’s VP pick. He wasn’t. Here you go anyway!    
"Pathological liar."
"Out of a psychology textbook."
"Narcissist." —  on Trump, 78 days ago  
 
Very big of you,  .    
Neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and anti-Semites: three groups   is bringing together.
 
Fact check: The   speakers are lying to America—at least 67 times so far.  
Hillary on the passing of Rep. Mark Takai.  
I applaud the 5th Circuit for blocking Texas's voter ID law—one of the most restrictive in America. Let's make voting easier, not harder. -H
Whose rights has Mike Pence restricted?
✓Women
✓Immigrants
✓LGBT people  
Trump or Pence: Who said it worse? It's a close call.  
What our president says matters. We can't let  's hateful words speak for us.  
This week in 1848, the Seneca Falls Convention declared that women deserve equal rights.

168 years later...  
Last night's   theme: "Make America Work* Again"

*Instructions not included  
Trump says he'd run the U.S. like his businesses.

Which pretty much means letting America go bankrupt.  
"I will bring people together." — 

Yeah, we don't think so.
 
"He won me over with that Mexican rapist speech." —Ann Coulter on Donald Trump  
Trump doesn't represent us or our values. Join the 100,000 people who have already signed our letter if you agree:  
Five disturbing things the GOP officially stands for (yes, in 2016):  
On the  's "economy night," here's everything we learned about Donald Trump's economic plan:  
So...what exactly did we learn tonight about Donald Trump's economic plan?  
 
Yeah, Donald Trump has been a real gem to working women.    
It's not brain surgery: Republicans tend to be a bit more truth-y when the presidency isn't on the line.    
If Donald Trump wants to make America great again, he should start by actually making things in America.
 
You're too kind,  .    
Lots of talk of "talent and drive" about someone who repeatedly drives his businesses into the ground.    
This small business owner sold Donald Trump pianos for his Atlantic City casino.

Trump stiffed him for the payment.  
If you think Chris Christie can lecture anyone on ethics, we have a bridge to sell you.    
Not according to your anti-woman, anti-LGBT, anti-immigrant   platform.    
The Republican Party platform is so hateful, you'd think Donald Trump wrote it himself.  
Senator McConnell can be very complimentary—when you're not on the ballot.    
Your potential next president doesn't think filing for bankruptcy is a bad thing.
 
Let's do this.  
Donald Trump just became the Republican nominee. Chip in now to make sure he never steps foot in the Oval Office.  
On this day in 1984,   nominated Geraldine Ferraro—the first woman VP nominee on a major party ticket.  
We watched the first night of the   so you didn't have to. Some of the worst of what we heard:  
Live from HQ:  ,  , and   introduce our 3 Million Stronger voter registration goal:  
1973: 
 
Donald Trump is sued for housing discrimination.
Hillary begins her career at the Children's Defense Fund.  
Just 10 minutes left to finish reading Trump's lawsuits. Think we can make it? Tune in now:    
"He's built his empire on other people's backs." —A small business owner who Donald Trump still owes $30,000
 
2,016 and counting: We're reading thousands of lawsuits involving   live on Facebook.  
We think Trump's been involved in more than 5,500 lawsuits. We're going to try and read them all in 4 hours:  
"Nothing is more ridiculous than Trump's claim that he's the enemy of Wall Street." — 
 
We’re going to enfranchise as many Americans as possible, and we're going to win. Join us:  
 
Trump bulldozed his way into this nomination by sowing hate—add your name to tell him that's not who we are.  
A small business owner sold Donald Trump pianos for his Atlantic City casino.

Trump stiffed him for the payment.
 
A good reminder.    
Chip in $1 if you agree we can’t let Trump “win so big.”     
 
When   makes you mad, chip in to make him…sad!    
Trump took over $100,000 from emergency 9/11 funds for small businesses—for his swanky Wall Street property.  
Republicans have a lot of nice things to say—when it's not an election year. Thanks, Mayor Giuliani.    
Republicans say the world doesn't respect us. The world disagrees.    
Meet the starting line-up for Team Trump at the  :    
"Donald Trump lost control of his own convention before it even started."  
 
With five million lives on the line, SCOTUS should grant DOJ's petition to rehear U.S. v. Texas. Let's keep immigrant families together. -H
Lincoln called it "terrible." FDR said he hated it.

 ? "I love war."
 
Today’s   theme: “Law and Order.”
 
"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we've had." –   
We can't let these two anywhere near the White House.  
"No nos representas. Tus ideas no nos representan. Tus valores no nos representan"
Carta abierta a Trump. Firma hoy:  
Commit to vote today to show   we're  :  
"I’m pleased to announce a nationwide drive to get 3 million people to register to vote and commit to vote in this election." —Hillary
"As Dr. King said, 'Our lives begin to end when we become silent about things that matter.' None of can afford to be silent." —Hillary
We're watching the Party of Lincoln become the Party of Trump.

That's not just a loss for our country—it's a threat.
"In times like these, we need a president who can help pull us together, not split us apart. I will work every single day to do just that."
Let’s also put ourselves in the shoes of police officers. Empathy works both ways. We’ve got to try to see the world through their eyes.
White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers that you face every day.
"Ending systemic racism requires contributions from us all, especially those of us who haven’t experienced it ourselves." —Hillary
People who care about protecting the lives of police officers should be committed to getting assault weapons off our streets.
Fixing the mass incarceration crisis.
Dismantling the school-to-prison pipeline.
Helping the formerly incarcerated.

It's time to act.
We must fight for criminal justice reform. Everyone is safer when there is respect for the law and when everyone is respected by the law.
"Perhaps the best way to honor our police is to follow the lead of police departments across the country who are striving to do better."
"Killing police officers is a terrible crime...anyone who kills a police officer and anyone who helps must be held accountable." —Hillary
Watch live as Hillary speaks to the   in Cincinnati:  
Donald Trump: We're going to do everything we can to make sure you never become president.  
 
Confessions of a Republican:

"I was a Republican... Trump, he's a different kind of man. This man scares me."
 
Donald Trump is about to become the   nominee for president. Add your name if you won't let him win:  
I stand with everyone at the International AIDS Conference in Durban in the fight for an  .   -H
"I think the Party is about to make a terrible mistake in Cleveland." A confession from a Republican on Trump:
 
Getting rid of gun-free school zones.
Banning Muslims entering the country.

What you need to know about Trump:  
"Are you going to vote for the guy who wants to build a wall or for someone who's building bridges?" — _Manuel
 
Eric Garner was killed two years ago today. Here's how his mother, Gwen Carr, is advocating for reform:  
Just a few of the ways   has proven that he's unfit for the presidency:
 
Hillary's statement on the shooting in Baton Rouge.  
That time Donald Trump introduced his running mate...sort of.
 
Your potential next president on building a wall...
 
And bathrooms.
 
La próxima semana, los republicanos nominarán a alguien que piensa que una campaña para la comunidad latina es tuitear un 'taco bowl'.
We’ve got to say with one voice that Latinos are a vital part of the American community.
 
What kind of president do we want our kids looking up to?  
Mike Pence would outlaw abortion.

And Donald Trump just made him his running mate.  
Bad for:
✔️ The economy
✔️ Women
✔️ Immigrants 
✔️ And *literally* the planet  
Well, ​*we’ve*​ got plenty to say about Mike Pence. Here you go:  
"I long for the day that Roe v. Wade is sent to the ash heap of history." —Trump's VP pick, Mike Pence  
FACT: Mike Pence advocated for legislation that allowed businesses to discriminate against LGBT people.
 
Donald Trump:
Always divisive.
Not so decisive.
 
Hillary on the situation in  .  
Mike Pence: He’s Donald Trump with a different haircut.  
Oficial:   acaba de escoger a Mike Pence para ser su vicepresidente. Aquí lo que debes saber de él:
 
Si tenías alguna duda que Trump continuará su peligroso plan para el país, conoce quién escogió para vicepresidente.  
If you like Donald Trump, you’re going to love his choice for vice president.  
Get to know Trump's VP pick, Mike Pence: current governor of Indiana and potential disaster for America.  
Chip in to keep Donald Trump, Mike Pence, and their extreme agenda out of the White House:  
If you had any doubts about Trump sticking with his dangerous plan for America, say hello to his VP pick.  
It's official:   just chose Mike Pence as his running mate. What you need to know about him:
 
Thank you, Virginia and Senator  .  
"Every American stands in strong solidarity with the people of France" —Hillary on the attack in Nice  
Watch live as Hillary and Senator   take the stage in Virginia →  
We’ve got to say with one voice that Latinos are a vital part of the American community.
 
One year in, the   has put a lid on Iran’s nuclear program. Strong, principled diplomacy can work. Effective enforcement is key. -H
“We have to move our country and ourselves…toward a future that reflects the simple, timeless notion that all of us are equal.” —Hillary
When our kids are scared by our politicians and policy debates, it’s a sign something has gone badly off the rails.  
"I will say what Donald Trump won’t: Judge Curiel is as American as I am and as American as Donald Trump." —Hillary
Even   called Trump’s comments on Judge Curiel, “the textbook definition of a racist comment.”
.  said a federal judge can't be trusted because of his "Mexican heritage." That just fans the flames of racial division.
Next week in Cleveland, Republicans will nominate someone who thinks “Latino outreach” is tweeting out a picture of a taco bowl.
Too many kids say bye to their parents every morning, not knowing if mom or dad will be there when they get home.

We have to fix this.
"In my first 100 days…I will introduce comprehensive immigration reform with a path to citizenship.” —Hillary:  
“For families making less than $125,000 a year, we’ll eliminate tuition at public colleges and universities.” —Hillary
Hillary's new college plan will help more students, especially students of color, afford college:  
No one who works full-time in America should ever live in poverty.

We need to raise the minimum wage.
"We need to close the gender pay gap...Latinas earn just 55 cents for every dollar earned by a white man. That is just outrageous." —Hillary
"Latinos are 17% of our country’s population, but you hold only 2% of its wealth. There’s a disconnect here." —Hillary at  
"Latinos have to help us shape the future of America because you are the future of America.” —Hillary at  
Tune in to watch Hillary speak live at  :    
Remember: When   opens his mouth, our kids are listening.
 
Gun violence against Americans is all of our problem. We need to solve it together.
 
In the presence of practical, tactical brilliance  .  
In America, we lift each other up. We build bridges, not walls. We stand together because we're stronger together.
 
"We need a leader who will push us all to make our society more tolerant, inclusive, and fair." —   
Let’s be more than allies to each other.

Let’s take on each other’s struggles as our own.
 
“If we do the work, we will 'cease to be divided.' We will be indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.” —Hillary
"Let’s be more than allies to each other. Let’s take on each other’s struggles as our own." —Hillary
"Donald Trump’s campaign adds up to an ugly, dangerous message to America. A message that you should be afraid." —Hillary
"I do wish Donald would listen to other people once in a while. He might actually learn something. But...he only listens to himself."
Imagine if Trump had not just Twitter to go after critics and opponents, but also the IRS—or our military. Do you think he’d be restrained?
Trump has banished members of the press who have criticized him.

Is there any doubt he would do the same as president?
"When kids are scared by political candidates and policy debates, it’s a sign something has gone badly wrong." —Hillary
"Even this—the killing of black people by police—is somehow all about him." —Hillary on Trump  
In times like these, we need a president who can help pull us
together, not split us apart.

And that's why Donald Trump is so dangerous.
“In my first 100 days as president, we will make the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II.” —Hillary
These things can be true at once:

We need criminal justice reform.

We need to support police.

We need to do more to stop gun violence.
The vast majority of gun owners agree: we have to prevent gun violence.

If we’re looking for common ground, this is common ground.
We need to listen to the dedicated, principled police officers working hard every day to rebuild trust with the communities they serve.
"We need to listen to those who say 'Black Lives Matter.' Too many black Americans...feel like their lives are disposable." —Hillary
Let's listen to families whose loved ones have been killed in police incidents. Alton Sterling. Philando Castile. Sandra Bland—one year ago.
"I want...all of our children to grow up in a country where violence like the kind we saw last week doesn’t happen again” —Hillary
We need to take a hard look at our laws and our attitudes. We need to embrace policies that promote justice for all people.
"The words Lincoln spoke all those years ago hold resonance for us now...he said: 'A house divided against itself cannot stand.'" —Hillary
Watch live as Hillary speaks from the Illinois statehouse, where Lincoln gave his "house divided" speech in 1858.  
In America, we're always stronger together.  
Thank you,  . Proud to fight alongside you.  
"Vi cómo ella trataba a todos con respeto. Así es como se juzga a alguien"—presidente Obama sobre Hillary.
 
Let’s ask ourselves, "What can I do to stop violence and promote justice?"
 
Happy birthday, Malala! Thank you for fighting for every girl's right to an education.  
Taking on systemic racism—and rebuilding trust between police and citizens—will require contributions from us all.  
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president and I am proud to stand with her today." — 
 
Together, let’s go win this election.  
"You can take out your phone right now and text JOIN to 47246. Or go to   We accept $27 donations, too, you know.”
To everyone who poured your heart and soul into Bernie’s campaign, thank you. Our country desperately needs your voices.
"Let's make it easier to vote, not harder. Let’s fight back against attacks on voting rights across the country.” —Hillary
Let’s expand Social Security—not cut or privatize it.
Let’s offer paid family leave.
Let’s guarantee equal pay for women once and for all.
We’re going to make sure that Wall Street, corporations, and the super-rich pay their fair share of taxes.
“For families making less than $125,000 a year, we’ll eliminate tuition at those schools altogether.”  
$7.25 an hour is a starvation wage. So sorry Donald, if you’re watching, we’re not cutting the minimum wage, we’re raising the minimum wage.
“Let’s take real, meaningful action to end the epidemic of gun violence in America.” —Hillary
Taking on systemic racism and rebuilding trust and respect between law enforcement and the communities they serve will require all of us.
Thank you,  , not just for your endorsement, but for a lifetime of fighting injustice.
"He has energized and inspired a generation of young people who care deeply about our country.” —Hillary on  
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president, and I am proud to stand with her today." — 
"We produced, by far, the most progressive platform in the history of the Democratic Party." — 
"We become stronger when black and white, Latino, Asian American, Native American—all of us—stand together.” — 
"This election must be about bringing our people together, not dividing us up." — 
Hillary "knows that it is absurd that middle-class Americans are paying an effective tax rate higher than hedge fund millionaires.” —Bernie
"The last thing we need...is a president who doesn’t care about whether millions will lose access to health care coverage." —Bernie on Trump
"If anyone out there thinks this election is not important...think about the SCOTUS justices Donald Trump will nominate." — 
"Hillary Clinton understands that if someone in America works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty.” — 
"There is no doubt in my mind that...Hillary Clinton is far and away the best candidate to do that." —   
"This campaign is about the needs of the American people and addressing the very serious crises that we face." — 
"I have come here to make it as clear as possible as to why I am endorsing Hillary Clinton." —  in New Hampshire
"She will be the Democratic nominee...and I intend to do everything I can to make certain she will be the next president." — 
"Secretary Clinton has won the Democratic nominating process, and I congratulate her for that." — 
"Together, we will continue to fight for a government which represents all of us, and not just the 1%." — 
Watch live as   joins Hillary on the trail in New Hampshire.  
Donald Trump in the Oval Office is flat-out dangerous. We can’t let it happen.  
Praising some of the world's most notorious, brutal dictators should be a red flag for a presidential candidate.
 
“Dejó a un lado su agenda personal y emociones por una causa mayor y servir al país"—presidente Obama sobre Hillary.
 
"They picked a nominee whose only plan is to build a higher wall." —  on  's dangerous policies
 
"Her way of dealing with the stories she hears is not just to repeat the story but to do something about the story."  
.  says he "loves the vets."

Prisoners of war? Not so much.
 
New ad: Donald Trump's number one foreign policy advisor? Himself.

And his "very good brain."
 
Donald Trump says he supports our veterans, but he's taken advantage of them time and time again.  
You have a problem when a candidate looks to Saddam Hussein and Kim Jong-un as examples of good leadership.  
What does it say about a presidential candidate when he consistently showers praise on brutal dictators?
 
"Hillary is not somebody who fears the future. She believes that it is ours to shape." —   
For Donald Trump, it's not about what he can build —it's about how much he can take.  
Our economy added 287,000 jobs last month—just another reminder of how far we've come under  :  
"You can count on her, and how she won’t waver, and she won’t back down, and she will not quit." —   
When Donald Trump's casinos failed, hundreds of people lost their jobs, but he walked away with millions.  
“Necesitamos escribir un nuevo capítulo en el sueño americano–y no puede ser el Capítulo 11 (de bancarrota)”.  
As the President has reminded us, the arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justice.
 
"I saw how she treated everybody with respect. That's how you judge somebody." —  on Hillary
 
Community health centers provide care for 25 million Americans. Here's Hillary's plan to double their funding:  
Congrats,   on your record-tying 22nd Grand Slam title!    
" 's story, like so many other American stories, reminds us of who we are as a people." —Hillary
 
White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the barriers they face.
 
“Let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart.” —Galatians 6:9
"When the 24-hour news cycle moves on, I won’t.” —Hillary on preventing gun violence and addressing racial injustice
"Elie Wiesel once clarified for us that 'the opposite of love is not hate—it’s indifference.' ... None of us can afford to be indifferent."
"Let’s ask ourselves, what can I do to stop violence and promote justice? How can I show that your life matters to me?" —Hillary
White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers you face every day.
We cannot, must not, vilify police officers. Remember what those officers were doing when they died. They were protecting a peaceful march.
"In my first budget, I'll commit $1 billion to find and fund the best training programs [and] support new research." —Hillary
"We’ll make it clear when deadly force is warranted and when it is not, and emphasize proven methods for de-escalating situations." —Hillary
"I will bring law enforcement and communities together to develop national guidelines on the use of force by police officers." —Hillary
“Gun violence is ripping apart people’s lives. They are trying to tell us. We need to listen.” —Hillary
Alton and Philando's deaths are the latest in a long, painful litany of African Americans killed in police incidents—123 so far this year.
There is clear evidence that black Americans are more likely to be killed in police incidents than any other group. We have to do better.
There is something wrong with our country. There is too much violence...too much senseless killing, too many people dead who shouldn’t be.
"We pray for those families and for the souls of all those we lost this week and all those preceding. May they rest in God’s peace" —Hillary
Watch live as Hillary addresses the AME Church Conference in Philadelphia:  
I mourn for the officers shot while doing their sacred duty to protect peaceful protesters, for their families &amp; all who serve with them. -H
We have a responsibility to fight for the next generation. All of us.  
 
Too many African American families are mourning. Too many young black men and women have been taken from us.  
“There has to be some form of punishment [for seeking abortion].” —Donald Trump, March 30, 2016  
Alton Sterling Matters.
Philando Castile Matters.
Black Lives Matter.  
Trump got ahead by cheating working people like Andrew Tesoro. Now he wants to do the same thing to our country.
 
America woke up to yet another tragedy of a life cut down too soon. Black Lives Matter.   -H
We can't let Trump's approach to the economy anywhere near the White House.  
While Trump's Atlantic City casinos posted $66 million in losses, he paid himself a $5 million bonus.  
Do you want to build a strawman?  
"The death of Alton Sterling is a tragedy, and my prayers are with his family." —Hillary  
Trabajemos para que ningún estudiante tenga que endeudarse para estudiar en una universidad pública de su estado.  
Newly discovered footage that could destroy Donald Trump’s campaign if everyone saw it:  
The Trump Atlantic City business method: Drive a business into the ground, stiff workers, and take home millions.  
Let's make sure   never has the chance to bankrupt America the way he bankrupted his businesses.
 
Let's make it so that no student has to take on debt to go to a public college or university in their state.  
Praying for a safe Eid Al-Fitr. My heart breaks for families struck by terror in Turkey, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, and Bangladesh this Ramadan. -H
Who got hurt when Trump abandoned Atlantic City?
✔️Small businesses
✔️Vendors
✔️Local builders
✔️Casino workers
 
"In America, we don’t begrudge people being successful…but we do if they get rich by destroying other people." —Hillary
“No major company has filed Chapter 11 more often in the last 30 years than Trump’s casinos.” —Hillary
Donald Trump's business strategy:

It's not about what you can build. It's about how much you can take.
"What he did here in Atlantic City is exactly what he’ll do if he wins in November." —Hillary on  :  
“Atlantic City was a very good cash cow for me for a long time...The money I took out of there was incredible.” —Donald Trump
"[ 's] businesses were failing long before the rest of the town was struggling...his bad decisions hurt the whole city."
And the Trump Taj Mahal, which Donald called the 8th Wonder of the World, is bankrupt. It canceled workers' health insurance and pensions.
The Trump Marina Hotel Casino in Atlantic City was sold just a few years ago at a huge loss.
Donald Trump called the Trump Plaza Casino and Hotel "the biggest hit yet."

Now, it's abandoned.  
What Donald Trump did in Atlantic City is nothing to brag about—it’s shameful—and every voter in America needs to know about it.
We can't let Trump bankrupt America like we're one of his casinos.

Watch Hillary live from Atlantic City →  
Trump made millions while bankrupting his businesses, laying off workers, and stiffing contractors. Here's how:
 
Hillary heard you: College costs are too high in America. It's time to fix it.  
Learn more about Hillary's plan to give former students relief from student debt:    
Donald Trump's praise for brutal dictators like Saddam Hussein knows no bounds.  
What   said.  
"Quiero que tú ayudes a elegirla nuestra próxima Presidenta de los Estados Unidos”—Obama.  
"I'm here today because I believe in Hillary Clinton." —  at his first campaign stop of 2016
 
Fired up. Ready to go.  
Follow along as   takes over Hillary's Instagram account on the trail in Charlotte:    
Thanks, Obama.  
"The fact is, Hillary is steady. Hillary is true. … That’s how real change and real progress happen.” — 
"Don’t boo, vote! Booing doesn’t help. You need to vote.” —  on Donald Trump’s dangerous policies
"She will be a stateswoman who makes us proud around the world. ... She knows what it takes to be Commander-in-Chief." —  on Hillary
"If your concern is who's going to look out for working families...the other side's got nothing to offer you." — 
"There has never been any man or woman more qualified for this office than Hillary Clinton. That's the truth." — 
"I saw how you can count on her. How she won't back down. How she won't quit." —  on Hillary
"I saw how she treated everybody with respect...that's how you judge somebody. How they treat others when the cameras are off." — 
"Let me tell you, my faith in Hillary Clinton has always been rewarded." — 
"I saw the passion that she feels for anybody who's experienced injustice. ... It was personal to her." —  on Hillary
"I'm here today because I believe in Hillary Clinton. I want you to help elect her as the next President of the United States." — 
“I don’t know about you, but we’re fired up and ready to go!” —Hillary  
"In America, we don’t tear each other down, we lift each other up.

We build bridges, not walls." —Hillary
"The world hangs on every word a president says, and Donald Trump is...temperamentally unfit to be our Commander-in-Chief." —Hillary
"He’s a statesman—leading not just our country but the entire world. This is a president who knows how to keep us safe and strong." —Hillary
"When I look at  , I see someone who—in spite of obstruction he’s faced—still reaches for common ground and common purpose." —Hillary
Our families and workplaces have changed in the 21st century. It's time for our policies—from paid leave to equal pay—to be updated, too.
It’s wrong that some millionaires can pay a lower tax rate than their secretaries, and we’re going to stop it.
We’re going to crack down on companies that ship jobs and profits overseas, and reward the ones that share profits with employees instead.
"We’re going to make college debt-free for all...and help millions of people struggling with existing student debt." —Hillary
"Under   and  , we’ve had 75 straight months of job growth. I want us to see 75 more." —Hillary
"President Obama’s job was to save us from a second Great Depression—and that’s exactly what he did.” —Hillary
"It means so much to have  ’s support in this campaign. He knows a thing or two about winning elections." —Hillary
"Someone who has never forgotten where he came from. And Donald, if you’re out there tweeting: It’s Hawaii." —Hillary on  
Live from Charlotte:   hits the trail with Hillary for the first time in this campaign. Watch:  
Q: "Will you condemn David Duke and say that you don't want...white supremacists' [votes]?"

Trump: "I don't know."
 
In a new interview,   talks about why Hillary has everything it takes to be president.
 
“Si el lugar donde estás no tiene espacio para tu voz, no tengas miedo de crear tu propio espacio”— Hillary en  .
Happy Fourth of July! Today let's celebrate the best of America—our freedom, diversity, and the values we share. -H  
"To be great, we can't be small. We have to be as big as the values that define America." —Hillary  
Here's to 240 years of progress.  
Middle-class Americans thought Trump Institute would help them. In reality, it was yet another giant scam.  
"You have made me a better person and helped me believe I can do anything."  
A message from   on America.
 
Looking forward to hitting the campaign trail together,  .  
Today's attack in Baghdad is another horrific example of ISIS's savagery. We will defeat them. My prayers are with the victims' families. -H
Every American should have the opportunity to live up to their God-given potential.
 
"We join all those around the world in mourning his loss" —Hillary and   on the passing of Elie Wiesel  
We're not going to turn back the clock on progress.  
Just like he shouldn’t have his finger on the nuclear button, Trump shouldn’t have his hands on our economy.  
Born July 2, 1951, trans activist Sylvia Rivera was an early LGBT leader whose work paved the way for progress.  
Let's make America a world leader in manufacturing, again.    
The company you keep says a lot about you (maybe no one ever told Donald Trump).  
Praying for the safety of the hostages in Bangladesh. To the terrorists: We will never succumb to fear and hate. -H
La evidencia muestra que Trump es un pésimo empresario ¿por qué debemos creer él sabrá manejar la economía del país?  
You could give a speech to nominate the first woman president at  . Enter now for your chance to win.  
"If the space you’re in doesn’t have room for your voice don’t be afraid to carve out a space of your own." —Hillary  
Trump Institute taught Donald Trump's real business strategy: cheating innocent Americans out of hard-earned money.  
Trump says people should have pride in "Made in the USA" products, but where does he make his?

(Hint: not here.)
 
Our economy is always stronger with a Democrat in the White House.      
Show Hillary she can count on you to stand up to Donald Trump. Chip in now:    
Chip in now if you agree with Hillary and  :    
Pride Month is coming to a close, but our march toward equality continues. Onward.  
If Republicans actually wanted to protect women's health, they'd support Planned Parenthood—not attack it.
 
Scenes from New York City Pride with Team Hillary.
 
Lucharé junto al pueblo de PR para poner la economía de la Isla de vuelta en un camino de estabilidad y prosperidad.
"I will fight with the people of Puerto Rico to put the island’s economy back on a stable and prosperous path."  
We're not going back,  .  
“Donald Trump has a…chance of becoming president."    
We should deploy 5G internet to make sure we have the fastest online connections possible.  
Cool ties,  .  
They were made in places like:

Mexico
China
Vietnam
Honduras
Hong Kong
Taiwan
South Korea
Singapore
Bangladesh
Oman  
From Iowa to California, the primary's taken us to nearly every state in the country.  
We have an obligation to protect an open internet and defend net neutrality:  
In today's vote on Planned Parenthood, the NH Executive Council can choose families or a political agenda. Watching which side they pick. -H
Two words: free WiFi.

In train stations, airports and other public spaces.  
Instead of driving up debt and risking another recession, let's make the economy work for everyone. Here's how:  
"You are strong enough not to let yourself remain a victim." —Hillary  
 
Live from Los Angeles: Watch Hillary's town hall with   digital content creators.  →    
"All Americans stand united with the people of Turkey against this campaign of hatred and violence." —Hillary  
New plan: We should let entrepreneurs defer their student loans for up to 3 years →  
Pat Summitt's record is legendary. Her work ethic—second to none. We need exactly that kind of commitment to end Alzheimer's. -H
Trump's speaking about outsourcing right now.

Here’s one of his shirts—made in Bangladesh:    
A progressive who gets things done? Make that two.    
It's almost as if Trump only cares about himself.  
Terrorists are taking advantage of the loopholes in our gun laws. Here's how we stop them:  
Donald Trump proves every day that he’s not in it for the American people—he’s in it only for himself.  
Today's   decision upholding reproductive rights is a major victory—but we can't take it for granted.  
"This election is about values, so let's just do a few: Donald vs. Hillary." —   
Thanks to the Children's Health Insurance Program, eight million kids like Kayla are covered. Watch the new ad:
 
It's not complicated: We need our economy to work for everyone, not just the rich or the well-connected.
 
"Here’s what I say to voters who may have doubts: No one will fight harder for you and your families than I will."
"You can’t just talk someone into trusting you. You’ve got to earn it ... I believe what you say matters." —Hillary  
"Every day, Donald Trump proves that he’s not in this for the American people. He’s in it for himself." —Hillary  
"Americans [are] telling us about their struggles…they want to be given a chance, a fighting chance." —Hillary live from Chicago
A great day to hit the campaign trail in Ohio with  .  
"Hillary believes that racism, hatred, injustice, and bigotry have no place in our country." — 
 
We are not going to let Donald Trump bankrupt America the way he bankrupted his casinos.
Imagine Trump sitting in the Oval Office the next time America faces a crisis.

Imagine him in charge, with your job and savings at stake.
Trump rails against other countries and talks about making America great, but his own products are made in places that aren’t named America.
We will fight climate change by making America the clean energy superpower of the 21st century:  
We'll reward companies that share profits with employees and pay a good wage. If they can do it for executives, they can do it for workers.
Let’s make sure that Wall Street and the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes.

Let’s put our families first.
We can’t let the student debt crisis continue.

We’ve got to give hard-working students and families relief.  
It's wrong that millionaires get more tax cuts while families are facing barriers to success.

This election is a chance to make it right.
"She exposes [Trump] for what he is: temperamentally unfit and totally unqualified to be president." —Hillary on  
"She knows what it takes to beat a thin-skinned bully who is driven by greed and hate.” —  on Hillary
"When Donald Trump says he’ll make America great, he means make it even greater for rich guys just like Donald Trump.” — 
Watch live as Hillary takes the stage with   in Ohio:  
This fight isn't over: The next president has to protect women's health. Women won't be "punished" for exercising their basic rights. -H
SCOTUS's decision is a victory for women in Texas and across America. Safe abortion should be a right—not just on paper, but in reality. -H
“The children’s health program wouldn’t be in existence today if we didn’t have Hillary pushing for it."  
In a volatile world, the last thing we need is a volatile president.
 
Continuemos haciendo historia juntos.
 
Do not throw away your shot. Win tickets to see   with Hillary. Enter here:    
We can’t stop fighting until all LGBT Americans can live their lives free of prejudice, violence, and hate.  
“Mi familia ha estado aquí desde 1731 antes de que fuera los Estados Unidos” —Armandina Sifuentes de Texas.
 
Discrimination against LGBT people is all too common—and goes against everything we stand for as a country.  
When you're in office Americans count on you for real solutions. You can’t respond with a snarky tweet—you have to actually deliver results.
Not even a sit-in in Congress could convince Republican leadership to move forward on gun violence prevention. Americans deserve better.
No person should be gunned down while learning, teaching, praying, or dancing. It's time for us to come together to strengthen our gun laws.
"There are more mass shootings in the United States than any other country in the world...We cannot accept this. Not now—not ever." —Hillary
"We need leaders...who put the interests of the American people ahead of their personal business interests." —Hillary at  
Las personas LGBT merecen vivir, trabajar y amar libres de discriminación y violencia.
 
Happy  !  
One year ago, love triumphed in our highest court. Yet LGBT Americans still face too many barriers. Let's keep marching until they don't. -H
Want to be in the room where it happens? Here's your shot: Win tickets to see   with Hillary:  
Every LGBT American deserves to live, work, and marry free from discrimination or violence.
 
One year later (still one of our favorite maps).  
We're going to keep fighting for equality, at home and around the world.
 
To the LGBT community: We're with you.

Love,  .
 
You'll tell the story of your night at   with Hillary. Enter to win here:    
LGBT seniors have seen so much progress, but still face discrimination. This has to change.  
In some states, LGBT Americans can get married on Saturday and fired on Monday. That's not who we are.  
.  on the time he marched in NYC's gay pride parade with the First Lady of the United States in 2000.
 
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love and acceptance—not bullying and violence.  
Good for you, Jensen. Every woman deserves equal pay, no matter what her age. Keep up the hard work—and courage!   -H
Thank you,  , for marking another important milestone on LGBT Americans' march toward equality. -H  
Hours after the  , Donald Trump was in the U.K.

Talking about how he, personally, would benefit.
 
"This time of uncertainty only underscores the need for calm, steady, experienced leadership in the White House." —Hillary  
Our first task has to be to make sure that the economic uncertainty created by these events does not hurt working families.  
"We respect the choice the people of the United Kingdom have made." —Hillary    
The fate of immigration reform—and millions of undocumented families—is in the hands of the next president.  
...and many of them pay a lower tax rate.  
We can’t let   bankrupt America the way he bankrupted his casinos.
 
Women's health is an economic issue: Every woman deserves access to affordable menstrual products. Bravo, New York.  
People in Scotland are not thrilled about Trump coming to their country.

We know the feeling.
 
Thank you,  . Your determination has exposed Republican inaction on gun violence and demanded better. We can't give up. -H
44 years since   passed, truer than ever: All students deserve equal opportunity, no matter their gender.  
The Supreme Court's Fisher decision is a win for us all. The doors to higher education should be open to every American, not just some. -H
Desgarradora decisión de   de inmigración podría separar 5 millones de familias en riesgo de deportación. Tenemos que hacer más.
Today's heartbreaking   immigration ruling could tear apart 5 million families facing deportation. We must do better. -H
Proud of 17 years of progress for those with disabilities under the historic   ruling. Let's keep going.  
It’s ridiculous that teachers and nurses have a higher tax rate than many hedge fund managers.  
You*

*offer not valid for Muslims, women, Latinos, African Americans, LGBT Americans, middle-class families ...  
House Republicans may have cut the cameras, but they can't cut off our voices. We have to act on gun violence. -H  
No company in America should be able to pay women less for the work they do.  
Instead of pitting people against each other, we need to enlist everyone in building our country together.
We can’t let Trump bankrupt America the way he did his casinos.

We need a new chapter in the American Dream – and it can’t be Chapter 11.
. ’s tax cuts for millionaires &amp; billionaires would add more than $30 trillion to our national debt.  
“Progress is possible … I know Republicans and Democrats can work together, because I’ve done it.” —Hillary  
Families shouldn’t have to spend more than 10% of their income on child care.  
We’ll make companies that ship jobs overseas give back tax breaks they received here at home.
"I will make it a national priority for more companies to share profits with employees. On top of, not instead of, good wages." —Hillary
We should support our teachers, not scapegoat them.  
Every child should have a path to success:
Pre-K:  
School:  
College:  
We’re going to invest $20 billion specifically to create jobs for young people, especially in communities of color.  
“The heart of my plan will be the biggest investment in American infrastructure in decades.” —Hillary  
Every American willing to work hard should be able to find a job that pays enough to support a family.
Too many corporations seem to have forgotten: It’s wrong to take taxpayer dollars with one hand and give out pink slips with the other.
"As we Methodists like to say: do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can." —Hillary
Live now from North Carolina: Hillary’s plan to make the economy work for everyone. Watch here.  
This is what real leadership looks like.  
FACT: No major company has filed for Chapter 11 more often in the last 30 years than  's casinos.  
"Trump's economic plans would destroy the U.S. economy." — 
 
Hillary took Donald Trump's reckless economic policy to task in Columbus today.

It's worth watching:  
Trump says, “I love playing with debt.” Someone should tell him our economy isn’t a game.  
Donald Trump has no actual plan to create jobs.  
“A proven leader who shares our values." — 

Why labor unions across industries are backing Hillary:  
Trump's plan would cut more taxes for the 120,000 richest families than it would for 120 million working Americans.
 
.  has written a lot of books about business, but they all seem to end at Chapter 11.
 
We need to build an economy that ensures everyone gets an equal shot and no one is left behind. Join us:  
In America, we don’t begrudge people being successful – but we know they shouldn’t do it by destroying other people.  
"Imagine him being in charge when your jobs and savings are at stake.  Is this who you want leading us in an emergency?” —Hillary on Trump
. , only someone who’s never actually faced the consequences of his mistakes would brag, “I play with bankruptcy.”
"The same people [Trump's] trying to get to vote for him now are people he’s been exploiting for years” —Hillary:  
Trump has written a lot of books about business—but they all seem to end at Chapter 11.
“The last time we opted for Trump-style isolationism, it made the Great Depression longer and more painful.” —Hillary
"He’s giving more away to the 120,000 richest...families than he would to 120 million hardworking people." —Hillary on Trump's tax plan
"President Trump" would undo so much of the progress we’ve made over the past 8 years under President Obama.

We can't let that happen.
“The full faith and credit of the United States is not something we can just gamble away.” —Hillary on Trump's reckless economic plan
"He says women will start making equal pay as soon as they do as good a job as men—as if we aren’t already." —Hillary on  
"Donald Trump actually stood on a debate stage in November and said that wages are too high in this country." —Hillary
Donald Trump is proud of his recklessness—that’s his business. But when he’s running for president, it’s ours.
.  declared Donald Trump one of the 10 biggest threats to the global economy.    
.  and   agree: Trump would put us into a deep recession.    
“I’ll admit—it's a little wonky, but...I sweat the specifics because they matter.”    
"If you’re running for president, you should say what you want to do, how you’re going to pay for it, and how you’ll get it done." —Hillary
Our president should fight for families—not just themselves.

Hillary speaks on the economy, live from Ohio:  
Donald Trump's tax plan would add $30 trillion to the national debt over 20 years. That's "trillion"—with a "t."  
What is Trump spending his meager campaign resources on? Why, himself, of course.  
"Trump's economic proposals could produce a prolonged recession...and reduce employment by 3.5 million jobs." —   
Trump's gotten rich driving companies into the ground. What will he do to the U.S. economy?

Oh wait—we know:
 
.  is right—Donald Trump’s worldview doesn't reflect our values, and it’s not who we are.  
It’s time to demand more than thoughts and prayers from our elected officials.      
Enough. -H  
An overwhelming majority of Americans (and gun owners) support steps to reduce gun violence.

RT if you're one of them.  
America has always been a nation of immigrants and refugees. On  , let's reaffirm our commitment to welcoming them. -H
Our prayers are not enough to prevent gun violence.

Tell your senators to vote to expand background checks tonight:  
You inspire me too,  . Let's all demand action on gun violence prevention:    
Tonight, the Senate will vote on commonsense measures to prevent gun violence. Tell your senators you support them:  
This is just common sense. It's time for Congress to act.  
We owe families of gun violence victims more than prayers.

Tell your senators to act on gun violence prevention:  
A behind-the-scenes look at a historic night.    
Happy first day of summer.  
Gay rights are human rights and human rights are gay rights. Being LGBT does not make you less human.
 
You'll want to read the story behind this photo.    
Shirley was 5 years old when women won the right to vote. Today, she's rooting for the first woman president.  
What a joy being with our new grandson, Aidan. So grateful. -H  
Imagine if this was our president.  
They may be too young to vote, but these supporters are making their voices heard.  
Happy Father's Day,  !  
Donald Trump launched his campaign one year ago this week. And what a year it’s been.  
“I’m supporting Hillary Clinton because she’s a fighter, a fighter with guts.” —  to the    
If your business or organization is hiring and needs someone to get the job done, hire a veteran.
 
On June 18, 1983, Sally Ride became the first American woman and first LGBT astronaut to go to space.  
Gun violence and hate aren't isolated—homophobia in Orlando, racism in Charleston. We need to fight them together.  
In the spirit of the  , let’s bridge our divides, fight for change, and remember that love never fails.  
We can't stop fighting until every LGBT American can live life freely, openly, and without fear.  
One year ago we lost 9 lives in Charleston. 49 in Orlando on Sunday. 26 in Newtown. Too many others. This has to stop. We need to change. -H
You don't have to be LGBT to stand with the LGBT community. We all have a stake in equality. Thank you, Michael.  
Donald Trump says he's "the real friend" of the LGBT community.

Yeah, no.
 
Trump has made a big show of supposedly supporting veterans. In reality, he's done the exact opposite.  
Helpful.  
Hard to believe it's only been a year since Trump announced his candidacy for president.  
Hi.  
"It is cruel and terrible that her life was cut short by a violent act of political intolerance" —Hillary on Jo Cox:  
Thank you,  . Despite our differences, if we stand together, hate can never defeat us.  
.  Thank you. It’s an honor to have the support of someone who's shattered so many glass ceilings.  
Thanks Chris, for showing what leadership looks like. I hope GOP senators take note. Looking forward to the vote. -H  
Hillary helped get health care for 8 million kids. One of the first ads of the general election:
 
“Hillary Clinton has proven herself as a champion of the labor movement."  
One year ago today,   announced his campaign for president.

And what a year it's been.
 
It's absurd that people with suspected terrorist links can buy a gun in America, no questions asked.  
Belgium: Donald Trump's favorite "city."
 
Thank you,  . Proud to be in this fight with you.  
Trump dijo que el terrorista nació “un afgano” y prohibirá la entrada de musulmanes—pero el terrorista nació en Queens, NY igual que Trump.
An "assault on our values"
A "new low"
"Plays into ISIS's hands"

Newspapers react to Trump's Orlando speech:  
Miles de familias están juntas gracias a las acciones de   sobre DACA. Protejamos DACA/DAPA y aprobemos una reforma migratoria.
Thousands of families are together thanks to  's action on DACA 4 years ago. We need to protect DACA/DAPA and pass immigration reform.
Some fights are too important to stay silent. Preventing gun violence is one of them. Stand strong  .  
Your   presidential nominee responding to a terrorist attack with lies and conspiracy theories.
 
Donald Trump is an expert at distracting people from the fact that he has nothing substantive to say for himself.  
America has always been a country of "we," not "me." And we've always been stronger together.  
Donald Trump just gave us his "plan" for defeating terrorism—conspiracy theories and self-congratulations.  
A lot of people are saying Donald Trump is a conspiracy theorist...  
We just won Washington, D.C.! Grateful to everyone who voted.  
When   took office,   left him a note that represents the best of our values.
 
For 241 years, brave   soldiers have answered the call to serve and protect our nation. Thank you.    
. : Attacking Muslim Americans is wrong, and it makes it harder for us to defeat terrorism.  
An attack on LGBT Americans is an attack on all Americans.
 
RT if you're voting for Hillary today, Washington, D.C. Find your polling location here:    
Today's   decision is a big win for consumers, innovation, and freedom of expression on the internet:  
This is one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Not just for those who look or love or worship one way—for all.
We need to work together to keep our country and our citizens safe.

None of this will be helped by anything Trump has to offer.
People can’t board planes with full shampoo bottles—but people being watched by the FBI for terrorism can buy a gun, no questions asked?
We need a Commander-in-Chief who can grapple with our challenges in all their complexity, with real plans that actually address them.
Trump's statements are lies—but he tells them because he has to distract from the fact that he has nothing substantive to say for himself.
"He said I’ll abolish the 2nd Amendment. Wrong. He said I’ll let a flood of refugees into our country without any screening. Also wrong."
Trump's Muslim ban is wrong, dangerous, and in this instance, nonsensical. The terrorist in Orlando was born in Queens—just like Donald.
"If Donald suggests I won’t call this threat what it is, he hasn’t been listening. 

But I will not declare war on an entire religion."
"It matters what we do, not just what we say. It didn’t matter what we called bin Laden—it mattered that we got bin Laden." —Hillary
Americans don’t need conspiracy theories and pathological self-congratulations. We need leadership, common sense, and concrete plans.
Trump's rhetoric is shameful.

It was one thing when he was a reality TV personality. It’s another when he’s running for president.
People of different faiths, backgrounds, sexual orientations, and gender identities are coming together to say: we won’t let hate defeat us.
"I believe that despite those differences of opinion, we’re all on the same team...There’s more that unites us than divides us." —Hillary
"I believe we Americans are capable of protecting Second Amendment rights while making sure guns don’t fall into the wrong hands." —Hillary
Yesterday, Trump spoke about the terrorist attack in Orlando.

Watch live as Hillary responds:  
Gun violence prevention laws might not stop every shooting or terrorist attack—but they will save lives.  
“Un ataque a cualquier estadounidense, es un ataque a todos los estadounidenses” —Hillary tras tragedia en Orlando.  
If you’re too dangerous to get on a plane, you're too dangerous to buy a gun in America.  
"I have no doubt we can meet this challenge — if we meet it together."

Hillary's address on the Orlando attack:  
"A nightmare that’s become mind-numbingly familiar." 

Hillary on the deadliest shooting in U.S. history:  
Weapons of war like those used in Orlando and San Bernardino have no place on our streets.
 
Tenemos que unirnos, sentir orgullo juntos. No hay mejor respuesta para los terroristas y a todos aquellos que odian  
Our diversity isn’t a liability in the fight against terrorism. It’s an asset. It makes us stronger.  
We have to stand together and be proud together. There is no better rebuke to the terrorists and all those who hate.  
Our open, diverse society is an asset in the struggle against terrorism, not a liability. It makes us stronger.
We’ve seen too many examples of the struggle to live freely, openly, and without fear being marked by violence. We have to stand together.
"To all the LGBT people grieving today: you have millions of allies who will always have your back. I am one of them." —Hillary
The terrorist in Orlando targeted LGBT Americans out of hatred and bigotry. 

An attack on any American is an attack on all Americans.
Inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror. It’s wrong, and it's dangerous.
Background checks and an assault weapons ban might not stop every attack—but they'll stop some, and save lives. We need to fight for them.
In Orlando and San Bernardino, terrorists used assault weapons like the AR-15 to kill Americans. We should make it harder for them to do so.
If the FBI is watching you for suspected terrorist links, you shouldn’t be able to just go buy a gun with no questions asked.
We need to stop terrorists from getting the weapons they need to carry out attacks.  
"As president, I will make identifying and stopping lone wolves a top priority." —Hillary on her counterterrorism strategy
The murder of innocent people always breaks our hearts, scares us, and makes us furious. Now we have to steel our resolve and respond.
"They were sons and daughters, brothers and sisters, and...they all had a lot more to give." —Hillary on the Orlando victims
Watch live: Hillary speaks on the terrorist attack in Orlando →  
"We cannot demonize, demagogue, and declare war on an entire religion...Hate is not the answer to hate." —Hillary
Declaraciones de Hillary Clinton sobre el ataque en Orlando.  
"This is a time to stand together and resolve to do everything we can to defend our communities and country." —Hillary on the attack in FL
"We need to keep guns like the ones used last night out of the hands of terrorists or other violent criminals." —Hillary on the FL attack
"To the LGBT community: please know that you have millions of allies across our country. I am one of them.” —Hillary  
"This was an act of terror. ... This was also an act of hate." —Hillary on the attack in Orlando  
"I join Americans in praying for the victims of the attack in Orlando." 

Hillary's statement:  
Desperté con la devastadora noticia de FL. Mientras esperamos más información,mis pensamientos están con los afectados de este horrible acto
Woke up to hear the devastating news from FL. As we wait for more information, my thoughts are with those affected by this horrific act. -H
Donald Trump considers his shuttered casinos a success because HE made millions.

A man who thinks that way has no business being president.
When Trump's casinos failed, he hurt a whole universe of small businesses that never got paid what they were owed.  
When Trump had to make an $18 million interest payment, his dad had to bail him out by buying $3 million in chips:  
During a decade when other casinos in Atlantic City thrived, Trump's posted huge losses:    
Trump the businessman? A total failure. He bankrupted his Atlantic City casinos (but pocketed millions for himself):  
"Sec. Clinton will be the strong environmental champion that we need to lead our country."  
When Trump goes off his staff's script he insults anyone who challenges him. Judge for his heritage, senator for hers. Rs should disavow. -H
Trump University: Pad Donald's pockets and put your own finances at risk—all for the low price of $35,000!
 
.  is temperamentally unfit to be president and Commander-in-Chief.
 
Lights, camera, history.
 
A man with this much contempt and disrespect for women has no business becoming president.  
.  says he’ll be “the best for women.”

Don't think so.  
"I am the least racist person that you’ve ever encountered." —     
"She’s a fighter. She’s out there. She’s tough." —  on Hillary:    
Trump can’t say he treats women with respect.

(For once, he’s right.)
 
Thanks,   Biden! Your support is a BIG… deal. -H  
“Ella tiene la valentía, la compasión y el corazón para realizar el trabajo”. Mira el mensaje del presidente Obama.
 
We’re not just going to break the glass ceiling. We’re going to break down all the barriers that hold back women and their families.
Trump has called women “pigs,” “dogs,” and “disgusting animals.”

We can't even count on him to respect women—much less protect our rights.
Trump says he'd be "the best for women."

Anyone who'd defund   and wipe out safe, legal abortion has no idea what’s best for women.
Laws that restrict access to abortion don’t make women less likely to seek it—they just make women less safe.  
Defending women’s health means defending access to safe, legal abortion for all who need it—not just women who can afford it.
The Hyde Amendment restricts the reproductive rights of low-income women—disproportionately women of color. We need to repeal it now.
Ever notice the politicians who oppose birth control and abortion also oppose policies that make it easier to raise a child—like paid leave?
“Being able to plan their families not only saved women’s lives—it also transformed them.” —Hillary to  
"Today, I want to start by saying something you don’t hear often enough: Thank you.” —Hillary to Planned Parenthood
.  to  : Donald Trump cannot be the one who leads the United States of America.
 
We're hiring across the country to bring home a win in November. Apply to join our team:  
 
“I’m ready to jump in this fight and make sure that Hillary Clinton is the next president" — :  
Thank you,  .  
Proud to have the support of  —a woman who is Trump's exact opposite: honest, decent, and deeply concerned for working families. -H
Thanks, Obama.  
.  endorsing Hillary on  : "She's a fighter."
 
Trump "doesn’t care who gets hurt as long as he makes a profit off it. That cannot be the person who leads the United States" — 
“I’m supporting Hillary Clinton because she’s a fighter, a fighter with guts” —    
"When we come together...we won’t just win in November—we’ll build on the progress we’ve made." —   
"I know how hard this job can be. That’s why I know Hillary will be so good at it." — 
 
Honored to have your support.  
"I’ve seen her judgment, toughness, and commitment to our values up close. ... I'm with her." —   
"Our elections should be shaped by voters' voices—not bought and sold by corporations &amp; special interests" —Hillary:  
"On virtually every issue, Secretary Clinton stands with working Americans and their families." —   
El presidente Obama anuncia su apoyo para Hillary Clinton. "Nunca ha habido alguien tan calificado para la presidencia".
"I know how hard this job can be. That’s why I know she’ll be so good at it." —   
"I’m with her, I’m fired up, and I can’t wait to get out there and campaign for Hillary." —   
Delete your account.  
"She’s got the courage, the compassion, and the heart to get the job done."

Watch President Obama endorse Hillary.
 
Honored to have you with me,  . I'm fired up and ready to go! -H
President Obama endorses Hillary: "I don’t think there’s ever been someone so qualified to hold this office."  
This Oakland entrepreneur is doing more than running a small business—he's changing lives.
 
History &gt; bedtime.  
Donald Trump's School of Philanthropy:
1. Pledge money to causes
2. Do nothing
3. Cut a check only if you get caught
 
“It’s a simple but powerful idea: We believe that we are stronger together.” —Hillary  
A note from Hillary.  
A headline 227 years in the making.    
History.    
Front pages from around the country on a big day.    
If Hillary could go back in time and tell anyone she'd been nominated for president, it would be her mom.  
Let’s keep making history, together.
 
Thank you, California!  
Don’t let anyone tell you that great things can’t happen in America.  
Don’t let anyone tell you great things can’t happen in America. Barriers can come down. Justice &amp; equality can win.
 
Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you're proud to be by her side all the way to the White House.  
Thank you.  
We made history tonight—but we have more work to do. Chip in if you've got Hillary's back:  
"This campaign is about making sure there are no ceilings—no limits—on any of us." —Hillary    
Wish Mom could have been here to see tonight.  
"On the very day Mom was being born in Chicago, Congress was passing the 19th Amendment to the Constitution—giving women the right to vote."
"We are stronger when we respect each other, listen to each other, and act with a sense of common purpose." —Hillary
This election isn’t about the same old fights between Democrats and Republicans—it’s about who we are as Americans.  
We should lift each other up—not tear each other down. To be great, we can’t be small. We have to be as big as the values that define us.
Unity is better than division, empowerment is better than resentment, and bridges are better than walls.  
“Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president and Commander-in-Chief.” —Hillary
It’s a simple but powerful idea. 

We are fairer together. 

We are better together. 

We are stronger together.  
"Whether you supported me in this primary, or Senator Sanders, we all need to keep working toward that better, fairer, stronger America."
"As your president, I will always have your back." —Hillary
We reached this moment thanks to the struggle and sacrifice of generations of women and men before us.
For the first time in our history, a woman will be a major party’s nominee for President of the United States.  
Watch live as Hillary takes the stage in Brooklyn →  
Ready.  
Thanks to you, we made history tonight. Celebrate with a free magnet:  
Tonight's only possible because millions of organizers, volunteers, and donors fought for this campaign. Thank you.  
Tonight, we can say with pride that, in America, there is no barrier too great and no ceiling too high to break.  
To every little girl who dreams big: Yes, you can be anything you want—even president. Tonight is for you. -H  
Let's build an America that respects and embraces the potential of every last one of us.
 
"Although we weren't able to shatter that highest, hardest glass ceiling...it's got about 18 million cracks in it."
 
Eight years ago today.  
Hoy es tu día de votar por Hillary. RT esto y déjale saber a tus amigos:    
CA, MT, NJ, NM, ND, and SD, it's your day to head to the polls. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary.  
RT if you're ready to make history.  
Estamos al borde de un momento histórico, pero todavía tenemos trabajo que hacer. 

Sigamos luchando por cada voto:  
Happy birthday to a friend and mentor, Marian Wright Edelman. Your example of service inspires us all.  
To everyone who's worked so hard, thank you. Let's go win this thing.  
Let's finish this primary strong and head into the general election together:  
We are on the brink of a historic moment, but we still have work to do.

Let's keep fighting for every vote:  
We’re flattered,  , but we've got primaries to win. CA, MT, NM, ND, NJ, SD, vote tomorrow!  
Trump is intensifying his bigoted attacks on Judge Curiel's Latino heritage—and belittling his staff in the process:  
Recuerda apoyar a Hillary mañana con tu voto. RT esto y déjale saber a tus amigos: 
   
There's only one candidate who can step into the Oval Office and lead on day one.  
 
"Nobody's going to be left in this country that he's exempted from insults." —Hillary on Trump in California:  
33,000 people die from gun violence each year.
 
We can save a lot of these lives.
 
"Hillary Clinton is the better candidate to take on Trump" —   
72 years after  , let's not just eulogize the brave men who gave their lives. Let's honor them by defending the values they fought for.
Donald Trump should come out of the towers he names after himself and actually talk and listen to people.  
. 's bigoted comments about a Latino judge are so disgusting, even other Republicans are offended.
 
We just won Puerto Rico! ¡Gracias a la Isla del Encanto por esta victoria!  
"We must stand against hate wherever it rears its ugly head." —Hillary in 2000
 
As we begin Ramadan, I wish all Muslims a blessed time of reflection, family, and good health. Ramadan Mubarak. -H
The president's job is to take care of our men and women in uniform—while they serve and when they come home.  
A preview of President   that proves we can’t let him anywhere near the Situation Room.  
Urnas en Puerto Rico cierran a las 3pm. Si llegas a la fila en o antes de las 3pm tienes el derecho a votar. No te salgas.
"Two years ago, my son was killed by a mass shooter. I’ve never spoken about it publicly until now." —Caryn Michaels  
¡Puerto Rico! Hoy es tu día de ir a votar por Hillary. Comparte esto y déjale saber a tus amigos:  .  
These California ESL students are using Hillary's 1995 speech in Beijing to learn English.
 
It'd be all too easy for Trump to roll back the progress we've made on LGBT rights. We can't give him the chance.  
Increíble.
 
It's time to judge Donald Trump by his words and his deeds. And they make him unfit to be President of the United States.
In America, it doesn’t matter where your parents were born or what color your skin is. We should be judged by words and deeds—not our race.
Donald Trump’s not just wrong about Judge Curiel—he’s wrong about America. He’s wrong about what makes this country great.
"Judge Curiel is as much of an American as I am, and he's as much of an American as Donald Trump is." —Hillary
Trump said the judge presiding over a lawsuit against Trump U. should be disqualified from his job because of his “Mexican heritage.”
Muhammad Ali really was The Greatest—unmatched not just in power and skill, but also in courage and conscience. Thinking of his family. -H
This week, we saw the REAL  . Which story appalled you the most?
Lying about veterans, his business, and his own words—and that wasn't even the worst thing Trump said this week.  
El emocionante momento cuando   pudo votar por primera vez. ¡Felicitaciones!
 
. : HFA staffer. DREAMer. U.S. citizen. 

First time voter.
 
Muslims and Mexican immigrants serve with distinction in the U.S. military. Trump could learn something about being an American from them.
Trump no tiene el derecho de definir quién es y no es parte de este país. Nos definen los valores—no la intolerancia.
America is a country of diverse beliefs and heritages. That makes us strong, regardless of what Donald thinks.
 
When Trump insults Muslims or immigrants, he should remember that Muslims and immigrants serve in our armed forces.  
. 's "ideas" are really just a series of bizarre rants, personal feuds, and outright lies.  
Q: "Saying [a judge] can't do his job because of his race—is that not the definition of racism?"
Trump: "No."  
Trump is attacking a judge based on his heritage because Trump thinks *he's* the victim of bias here.  
It’s not hard to imagine   leading us into a war just because somebody got under his very thin skin.  
. : "She's not caricaturing Donald Trump...she's just quoting him directly, and that's deadly."
 
Hillary schooled Donald Trump on foreign policy yesterday. Miss the speech? Catch up on some of the highlights:  
No, Donald. Esto no es un “conflicto de interés”—el problema eres tú.  
Every time Trump loses his temper, imagine him in the Situation Room making life-or-death decisions on our behalf.
 
We can never let Republicans cut or privatize Social Security—we should protect and expand it. Thanks,  .  
We will never be silenced or intimidated by the gun lobby. Honored to have   &amp;  's support. -H  
You literally said all those things.    
Donald Trump's foreign policy team: one "very good brain" with very thin skin.
 
Recordatorio para Mr. Trump.  
Some of the (many, many) reasons Donald Trump isn't fit to be Commander-in-Chief.  
Donald Trump's foreign policy is already making Americans less safe, and he's not even president (yet).
 
Abusive payday lenders have preyed on Americans for too long.  's new rule will protect families; the next president should do the same.
✔ Supports nuclear proliferation
✔ Alienates our allies
✔ Cozies up to dictators

Trump's foreign policy is...chaos.  
If we aren't doing everything we can to prevent  , then we're not doing nearly enough.  
What happens to the moral example we set—for the world and for our own children—if our president engages in bigotry?
 
Donald Trump is not someone who should ever have the nuclear codes.
 
Don’t let anyone tell you that America isn’t great. Donald Trump’s got America all wrong.
Imagine if he had not just his Twitter account at his disposal when he’s angry, but America’s entire arsenal.  
The tools Donald Trump brings to the table—bragging, mocking, composing nasty tweets—won’t do the trick.
America’s network of allies is part of what makes us exceptional. And our allies deliver for us every day.
We’re not a country that cowers behind walls. We lead with purpose, and we prevail.  
We cannot put the security of our children and grandchildren in Donald Trump’s hands. We cannot let him roll the dice with America.
Trump isn’t just incoherent; he’s dangerous. He’s not just unprepared; he’s temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.
Watch now: Hillary on why America—and the world—can't afford Trump as Commander-in-Chief →    
There's only one word for Trump's approach to foreign policy and national security: chaos.
 
"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we've had." –   
“It’s O.K., just max out your credit card." —Trump University on how to pay for classes  
Here's what you need to know about Trump's "university."  
What the movement for LGBT equality has taught us: with courage and love, there's nothing we can't do. Happy Pride Month. Let's fight on.
Trump University was a vehicle for   to exploit vulnerable Americans for his own gain.
 
Trump University students entrusted Trump with their futures, and he scammed them.

He'd do the same to our country.  
Trump himself is a fraud.

He's trying to scam America the way he scammed all those people at Trump University.
 
FACT: Trump University identified those most vulnerable and then targeted them with predatory marketing tactics.  
The Trump University con says a lot about Trump. If you can't trust him with your personal finances—how can we trust him with our country?
Trump's candidacy is built on his business "credibility." But his business record matches his character: His only concern is his own profit.
It's one thing to sell steaks using a name as a marketing ploy. Trump's company intentionally put people at risk.  
Trump University employed instructors with no experience and lied to sell outrageously expensive packages. In a word: fraud.
Another Trump University practice, according to its own employees: target struggling families to fleece them.  
Some of Trump University's tactics: push people to take on debt, cash out retirement, max out credit cards—whatever it took to buy classes.
The gist: Trump's for-profit university deceived &amp; exploited students to take their money.

And he has the gall to call the media "sleazy."
New documents confirm Trump "University" was a scam that preyed on families to make money. Caution—may cause nausea.  
Trump University's own employees described it as a "scam.”    
Trump University was a fraudulent scheme used to prey upon those who could least afford it.    
"Hillary Clinton, with her long experience ... will be prepared to lead our country on day one." — :  
You never know what you'll see at a Hillary rally.
 
Taking care of our veterans is part of our solemn duty as Americans:    
First: the  .
Now:  .

Here's why Californians are voting for Hillary on June 7.
 
"The future is at stake. And that’s why we’re with her." — _AF on its first-ever presidential endorsement  
Aspiring Commander-in-Chief   has some ideas about prisoners of war. (He’s not a big fan).
 
Our service members and their families deserve more than empty words. Let's give them the support they need:  
“I like people that weren’t captured, ok?”

Trump has something to say about prisoners of war.
 
"I want to be sure that it is Hillary Clinton who takes the oath of office, not Donald Trump." —  :  
.  doesn't like prisoners of war—but he wants to be your Commander-in-Chief.
 
Millions around the world are forced into human trafficking. We can't rest until they're free.    
10 never-before-seen photos of Hillary from the trail in 1992.  
Not only does Trump deny climate change, he's now denying that the drought in California is even happening. What?  
Gold Star families like Betsy’s have paid the ultimate price for our freedom. They deserve our eternal thanks.
 
Our fallen heroes deserve our profound gratitude for giving their lives to protect our freedom, today and every day.   -H
The Adoption and Safe Families Act helped thousands of kids find loving families—including this one.  
El mantra de Trump: Beneficiarse sin importar a los demás.  
Our most important task is making sure we give our kids a better life. That's the promise of America.  
Watch Hillary wonk out with a nurse in New Jersey over solving one of the world's most serious problems.
 
Disgusting.  
Some on the other side may say our best days are behind us. Let's prove them wrong.  
"Pregnancy is...certainly an inconvenience for a business." —Donald Trump

Here's Hillary's take →
 
Donald Trump thinks workplace pregnancy is an "inconvenience" to businesses.

(He could be your next president.)  
From ripping off veterans to demeaning women, Trump spent the week insulting just about everyone:  
Donald Trump thinks climate change is a “hoax.”

President Trump would destroy our ability to combat it.
 
$25 billion could pay for:

1,500 new schools.
Clean energy to power 5 million homes.

or...

Trump's wall:  
1 de cada 4 personas en Puerto Rico podría contraer el Zika este año. Esto es lo que
podemos hacer para combatirlo.  
The first in a new series: a message from your potential next president—on pregnancy.
 
"I don't think a nation can be great that turns its back on the poor and the unfortunate." —Hillary in 1994  
 
What we need: bridges, schools, a clean energy grid.

What Trump wants: a wall.    
Couldn't agree more.  
Born on this day in 1951, Dr. Sally Ride was the first American woman &amp; first LGBT astronaut in space.    
La única forma de enfrentar a un "bully" es uniéndonos. Nosotros somos los únicos que podemos detener que Trump llegue a la Casa Blanca.
“Now we know what a ‘good result’ is to Donald Trump—he gets his, and you get hurt.” —Hillary
“Donald Trump said profiting off working families getting kicked out of their homes &amp; losing their jobs would be a ‘good result.’” —Hillary
“We’ve got to do more to raise families’ incomes.
 
We can start by raising the federal minimum wage.” —Hillary  
Happening now: Watch Hillary speak at the   conference in Las Vegas →    
→    
When the economy crashed, families saw their homes foreclosed and savings disappear. 

Trump saw a chance to profit.  
There’s nothing more important than protecting our kids. If we fail at that, it doesn’t matter what we get right.  
El muro de Trump en la frontera costaría al menos unos $25 mil millones. Lo que podríamos hacer en lugar de su plan.  
. , trying to profit off people losing their homes isn't the "kind of thinking our country needs."
 
So,  's wall would cost $25 billion.
 
Here's what else we could do with that money.
 
With the money Trump would waste on his wall, we could help a lot of families by building infrastructure we need.  
Donald Trump is fueling conspiracy theories out on the campaign trail. Can you imagine that in the Situation Room?  
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love—not harmful "conversion therapy." Thanks  .  
The   business model: exploit anyone or anything he can to turn a quick buck.  
Excited to be back with a good friend. Watch   today at 4 pm ET.  
Trump's wall on the border would likely cost at least $25 billion. 

Some things we could do instead:  
We have to build on the Affordable Care Act and continue our march toward making sure every single American has health coverage.
Donald Trump doesn't seem to actually care about making America great so much as he seems to care about making himself look great.
We’re stronger together. When we embrace immigrants, not denigrate them. When we build bridges, not walls.
Donald Trump has spent his career looking to turn a profit, no matter who gets hurt in the process.  
Mientras 5 millones de personas perdían sus hogares, Trump esperaba enriquecerse de este desplome a costa de ellos.
 
Millions of families saw their life savings destroyed in the Great Recession.

Trump saw it as a chance to cash in.  
.  rooted for the housing crash that caused 5 million Americans to lose their homes.  
Big win for those who think we should make it easier, not harder, to vote (which really should be all of us).   -H
Hillary's live on  's Facebook page! Watch now:    
In Trump’s world, a “good result” means Trump gets his and working families get hurt. We're better than that.
Trying to profit off of people losing their homes isn't the "kind of thinking our country needs."  
We need a president who's fighting to raise incomes for all Americans, not one who tries to profit at their expense.  
Donald Trump could bankrupt America like he bankrupted his companies. Let's make sure he never gets the chance:  
Trump prioritizing his own gain over Americans' well-being isn't new, but it is telling: The only person he'll fight for is himself.
This wasn't an anomaly for Trump. His economic plan helps millionaires and hurts middle-class families. He'd let Wall Street run wild again.
How cruel do you have to be to actually root for a crisis that would devastate millions of families, all to pad your own pockets?
Millions of families—disproportionately black and Latino families—lost homes, jobs, and savings.

Trump tried to profit at their expense.
Right before the housing market crashed,   said he hoped it would happen—because he could make money off of it.
When Trump got his wish for a housing crash, millions of Americans lost their homes.

This guy can't be president.  
The 2008 crash caused millions of Americans to lose their jobs and homes.

In 2006, Trump rooted for it to happen.  
Millions of Americans lost jobs and homes in the 2008 crash. A man who hoped for it has no business being president.
 
There's so much more that unites us than divides us. It's time to come together to stop Donald Trump.  
We can't defeat ISIS with bigotry and bluster.  
A Donald Trump presidency would pull us backward on nearly every issue we care about.

We can't let that happen.
 
"The lesson of our history, through good times and hard times, is that we’re stronger together." —Hillary  
“The only thing standing between Donald Trump and the Oval Office is all of us.” —Hillary
"If fighting for equal pay, paid family leave, and affordable child care is playing the 'woman card,' then deal me in" —Hillary to the  
Donald Trump thinks Americans are being paid too much and has hired union-busting firms to break up organizing campaigns on his properties.
The labor movement pioneered the basic bargain that made America great: If you work hard and do your part, you should be able to get ahead.
"You are often unsung heroes. And I want you to know this: Your fights are my fights." —Hillary to   members in Detroit
Tune in to watch Hillary address the 2016   International Convention.    
  Nobody knows better than unions that we’re stronger together. Honored to join you all in the fight for working families.
Unions helped build the middle class, so when Republicans attack unions, they're attacking millions of Americans.  
"She taught me resilience, courage, and the power of love and kindness." —Hillary on her mom
 
There are too many parents across the country with stories like this one.
 
Education should be about building a brighter future, not a lifetime of debt.  
“Mentiroso", "fraude", “xenófobo" y otras cosas que líderes republicanos dicen sobre Trump.  
Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, for as long as you can.  
"Unlike Donald Trump, I will not pander to the gun lobby. We will not be silenced and we will not be intimidated." —Hillary
"I believe we have a moral obligation…to stand up against systematic racism." —Hillary at the   dinner
These moms want to make sure no other family has to lose a child to senseless violence.  
We can't accept this as "normal."    
Para muchos, los ingresos ya no rinden tanto como antes.  
This week, Donald Trump proved just how dangerous he'd be as president.  
Donald Trump is questioning Hillary's qualifications to be president. Let's dig into that.
 
Too many moms have to go back to work too soon after giving birth.
 
Hillary Clinton tiene un plan para que todos puedan salir adelante.  
Republican lawmakers in Oklahoma voted to make it a felony to perform an abortion:  
Hillary nerds out with a nurse in New Jersey.  
 
The United States presidency requires steadiness as well as strength and smarts.

Donald Trump is not qualified.  
You're wrong,  . We can uphold Second Amendment rights while preventing senseless gun violence.  
Congratulations on becoming a U.S. citizen, Alicia. Enjoy casting that vote. 
 
We need a president who will unite leaders around the world to defeat ISIS, not one who insults and alienates them.  
Dear Congress,

Let's get this done.

Thanks,

The vast majority of Americans  
Is Hillary qualified to be president?

Take this helpful quiz to find out:  
An estimated 1 in 4 people in Puerto Rico could get Zika this year.

Here's what we can do to combat this threat:  
A candidate who roots for his own gain at the expense of American families isn't just heartless. He's disqualified.  
Donald Trump's plan to ban Muslims from entering the United States will make defeating terrorists more difficult.
 
"Investing in the health and education of women...is essential to improving global prosperity." —Hillary  
 
If you cite supporting torture and hosting pageants as foreign policy "qualifications," your definition needs work.  
Un recordatorio importante.  
The safety of our kids is more important than the interests of the NRA. Our leaders should act like it.  
El voto del Senado hoy sobre Zika es un paso importante para combatirlo—pero no es suficiente. Los republicanos deberían aprobar presupuesto
Question: "Do you think Donald Trump is qualified to be president?"

"No, I do not." —Hillary
 
"Everybody gets knocked down in life. The real test is whether you get back up, dust yourself off, and keep going." —Hillary
"Trump took out a field that couldn’t criticize him on issues because they fundamentally agreed with him." —Hillary on the GOP primary
“I’m going after him exactly on those issues and statements that are divisive and dangerous.” —Hillary on  
"The threat that Donald Trump poses is so dramatic to our country, to our democracy." —Hillary on  
"I know how hard this job is. You need steadiness as well as strength and smarts... Donald Trump is not qualified." —Hillary on  
"When you run for president of the United States, the entire world is watching.” —Hillary on  's dangerous rhetoric
"Do you think Donald Trump is qualified to be president?" — 

"No, I do not." —Hillary
"It sends a message of disrespect and makes the situation inside those countries more difficult." —Hillary on Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric
"We have to put everything we can toward the goal of defeating ISIS, protecting ourselves, our friends, and our partners." —Hillary on  
We can't sit by while extreme politicians attack women's basic rights. Not only is this unconstitutional—it's wrong.  
Today's Senate vote is a necessary step to combat the spread of Zika—but it's not enough. Republicans in Congress should fully fund this. -H
Donald Trump named 11 judges he would consider nominating to the Supreme Court.

Here's what's at stake.  
"Speaking is hard for me, but come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President." — 
 
… y solo es miércoles.  
Two Kentucky churches came together for a special service.
 
(It's only Wednesday.)  
Los trabajadores no han recibido un aumento en años—Hillary tiene un plan para subir los salarios.  
America has always been about working together to get things done.  
The first openly gay leader of a U.S. military branch—a milestone we can all be proud of. Congrats,  .   
.  doesn't want you to see what's in his tax returns. Wonder why that could be?
 
Thank you,  , for making sure millions of Americans receive the overtime pay they deserve. -H  
Let's make it easier to raise a family in America.    
It's middle-class families that need a raise—not millionaires and billionaires.  
Thanks for having our back, Kentucky.  
Hillary just won Kentucky, but this election is just getting started. Chip in now if you've got her back:  
We just won Kentucky! Thanks to everyone who turned out. We’re always stronger united.    
Latest reckless idea from Trump: gut rules on Wall Street, and leave middle-class families out to dry.  
On the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia, let's recommit to ending violence and hate against LGBT people worldwide.
For too many families, paychecks aren't stretching as far as they used to. Let's change that.  
Who benefits from Trump's tax plan?

Billionaires—and millionaires like him.    
62 years after Brown v. Board, we still have too many segregated schools. We have to ensure equal opportunity for all of our kids.
Does Trump pay his fair share in taxes? As long as he keeps refusing to release his tax returns, voters won't know.  
It's Primary Day for Kentucky and Oregon. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary.  
Being president isn't like being on a reality show.

We can't afford a candidate who treats it like one.  
Making it harder to vote goes against everything we stand for as Americans. Why would you brag about it?  
Conoce cómo Hillary ha luchado durante varias décadas por las familias, mujeres y niños.    
We’ve got to stop giving companies incentives to move jobs overseas.      
Every woman, no matter where she works, deserves birth control coverage. This shouldn't be a question.   -H
Trump empezó su campaña diciendo que los mexicanos son "violadores" y traen “drogas” y “crimen”.

No se ha detenido.  
Whenever you read about Trump's reckless foreign policy, imagine him in the Situation Room.    
The American auto industry just had its best year ever. So yes, we can bring American manufacturing back.  
Every presidential nominee since 1976 has released their tax returns, but Trump has refused.
 
“In politics and in life, ignorance is not a virtue.” —   
"Implementar la idea [de Trump] a los Estados Unidos destruiría la economía" — 
 
Incomes haven’t gone up for most Americans in about 15 years. We’ve got to fix that.  
"What can we do for women that doesn't make them a liability because they're pregnant?"
 
8 ways we can give middle-class families a raise, not one of which is cutting taxes for billionaires.  
Hillary was  's first student commencement speaker in 1969. Read the speech:    
Made a new friend in Ohio.
 
Worried about a Trump presidency? Here are four things you can do to prevent it:  
FACT: Donald Trump would force schools to allow guns in classrooms on his first day in office.  
Donald Trump wants to spend $3 trillion (yes, with a T) on tax cuts for people like him.    
We've got to do everything we can to make it easier for people like Frankie to reach their potential.  
Happening now → join   senior policy advisors (and working moms) for a Q&amp;A on child care and work/life balance:  
We can do a lot to help working parents. Join a Facebook Q&amp;A on Hillary's new child care plan at 3pm ET:  
"The annual cost of child care is higher than a year’s tuition at the average 4 year public college." —   
It's a simple idea: Those who have benefited the most from our economy should pay their fair share in taxes.  
“You’re gonna make the same if you do as good a job.” —Donald Trump on women and equal pay  
Even Republicans can't come to terms with the idea of "President Trump."  
You can tell a lot about someone by the company they keep.  
Hillary's advice to   graduates in 1992: "Throw yourself into the world, and make your voice count."  
 
Nurses care for our families like their own. It's time we returned the favor.    
Who benefits from Donald Trump's tax plan? Billionaires like Donald Trump.    
"I don’t want Americans to feel left out and left behind. I want the American Dream to be alive and well." —Hillary
 
Trump stood by his proposed Muslim ban just last week. Now he's trying to backpedal. Don't let him.
 
Sybrina, you and all mothers of gun violence victims have taught us hate will never win. Thinking of you today.   -H
"We want to bring unity to the Republican party." — 

Good luck with that.
 
"I’ve been called many things by many people. 'Quitter' is not one of them."    
80% of a child's brain is formed before the age of 3. Early childhood education could not be more important.  
Donald Trump has released just one detailed proposal: a tax plan written by billionaires, for billionaires.
 
"I am the king of debt, I do love debt, I love playing with it." —   
Under Trump's tax plan, the wealthiest 0.1% of Americans would get more tax relief than the bottom 60% combined.  
This election isn’t a reality show.
 
It’s hard to imagine how we’re going to lift up families if we don't raise the national minimum wage.  
Trump's policies that affect women are even more offensive than his comments on women—and that's saying something.
 
Donald Trump's tax plan:
1. Cut taxes for the wealthiest Americans
2. Saddle the rest of the country with the debt
 
When women are paid less, they're also short-changed in saving for retirement and contributing to Social Security. We've got to change this.
"[The LGBT community's] progress is not only safe in her hands, it will continue." —  endorsing Hillary:  
Millions of families struggle to afford quality child care.

It's time they got some help.
 
It's been a banner week for  ...  
We need to raise the minimum wage, lift millions of families out of poverty, and make the economy work for everyone.  
In many states, child care is even more expensive than college tuition. Let's make it affordable for every family.  
Detroit's public schools are in crisis, and we need solutions that include teachers and parents:   -H
If Trump had his way, the federal minimum wage would be $0.  
Cuatro cosas que puedes hacer ahora mismo para evitar una presidencia de Trump.  
"Enough is enough. It’s time we make quality child care affordable for all working families." —Hillary
While families are struggling to pay for child care, Donald Trump actually argued that Americans are being paid too much.
A Kentucky parent earning the minimum wage spends 40% of their income on child care.

Let's make sure no family has to spend more than 10%.
Quality, affordable child care isn't a luxury for the few. It's a necessity that too many Americans are struggling to achieve.
Hillary's in Kentucky today talking with families about child care. Tune in to watch live:    
A woman told Hillary she was fired after losing her baby: "What happened to you was not only wrong—it's illegal."
 
No family should have to pay more than 10% of its income on child care.  
West Virginians, head to the polls today. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary.  
"I would borrow knowing that if the economy crashed, I could make a deal." — 
 
"Trump is floating an insane idea that would tank the American economy." —   
Americans need a raise.  
Women earn just $0.79 for every $1 men do.

That's a problem for all of us.    
"Applying [Trump's] idea to the United States would destroy the economy." — 
 
"If you have a mother, a wife, a sister, a daughter who is working, it affects you" —Hillary on equal pay for women:  
Live on Facebook: Hillary leads a roundtable discussion with working families in Virginia. Watch →  
"Making America a more just nation requires honest talk about policies that can lift up those still hurting."  
When Hillary introduced this innovative preschool program to Arkansas families, it spread across the nation.
 
Donald Trump could be our next Commander-in-Chief. Here's who thinks that's a good idea.  
Here's what you can do to make sure   never reaches the White House:  
"It's only been an incredible gift." Hillary talks about becoming a grandmother and watching Chelsea become a mom.
 
"She was determined to give me and my brothers opportunities far beyond anything she'd known." —Hillary on her mom
 
Happy Mother's Day to Charlotte's mom, and my wonderful daughter,  . -H  
New   designs from   and  . Get them before they're gone →    
.  would force all schools to allow guns in classrooms—on his first day in office.

Seriously.  
Preguntamos a varios neoyorquinos sobre Donald Trump—y estas fueron sus reacciones.  
In 1970, Diane Crump rode her way into history at the  , becoming the first woman to compete.  
Son of a Pakistani bus driver, champion of workers' rights and human rights, and now Mayor of London. Congrats,  . -H
62 reasons why Donald Trump should never become president (from members of his own party).  
  thanks for this. Women are so much more than the roles they've been assigned. -H
Substance abuse and drug addiction hurt our kids, friends, neighbors, and loved ones. We've got to solve this.
 
"I get along with everybody." — 

About that...
 
Imaginemos un mañana en el que ningún niño crezca bajo las sombras de la discriminación o la deportación.
 
Are you a Republican who thinks   should not become president?

Tell us why:  
We asked a dozen people how they feel about a Donald Trump presidency.

They were…honest.  
We're not going to round up millions of immigrants and deport them—no matter how many times Trump says he wants to.  
This is the man the   has selected to be their nominee for president.  
Volkswagen workers in TN are raising their voices for the rights they deserve. VW should meet them at the table. -H  
We cannot let Donald Trump become the next president.  
Comprehensive immigration reform will bring people out of the shadows and into our economy.  
We should be fighting to keep families together, not rip them apart.  
5.5 million kids in the U.S. have at least one undocumented parent.
 
Trump's deportations would hurt them the most.  
FACT: Donald Trump would end birthright citizenship.  
Last night, Trump stood by his plans to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. and deport millions of immigrants.  
Trump podría ser tu próximo Comandante del Ejército. ¿Cómo es su visión sobre la política exterior? Irresponsable.  
“I love Hispanics!” —Trump, 52 minutes ago  

“They’re gonna be deported.” —Trump, yesterday  
"Everything I say I'm gonna do, folks, I do."

What Trump says he'll do as president: deport millions of immigrants.
 
"I want more Americans to believe again we are all in this together."
 
They say your friends reflect who you really are...  
"Do you still believe that Muslims should be banned from entering the country?"

 : "Yes."
 
Republicans agree: Donald Trump is reckless, dangerous, and divisive.  
President Trump?

Nope:  
Trump es el presunto nominado del Partido Republicano. No podemos dejar que su retórica odiosa y peligrosa se acerque a la Casa Blanca.
We need the strongest team to take on Donald Trump and the GOP in November. Apply to join   today:  
On Holocaust Remembrance Day, we remember the millions of lives lost and rededicate ourselves to fighting hate and intolerance everywhere.
The Republican Party is now the party of Trump. Here's what it stands for.
 
Love this, Ellen. Where can I get one? -H  
Trump just stood by his proposals to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. &amp; deport millions of immigrants. Seriously.
 
"I don't think we can take a risk on a loose cannon like Donald Trump running our country." —Hillary
 
Stonewall: the birthplace of a movement, and soon a national monument for equality.    
"President Trump" is a dangerous proposition.

Mitt Romney, Ted Cruz, and Marco Rubio agree.
 
"They couldn't take him on on the issues because they basically agreed with him." —Hillary on Trump's   rivals:  
"He's a loose cannon, and loose cannons tend to misfire." —Hillary on  :  
"I don't think we can take a risk on a loose cannon like Donald Trump running the country." —Hillary to  
"Unity versus division, compassion versus selfishness, and love versus hate. The stakes don’t get much higher."  
"Everything I say, I'm going to do, folks." —Trump

Here's what the presumptive   nominee would do as president.
 
We know Donald Trump is not who we are. If you want to shut him down, then let’s vote him down.  
There's only one candidate left who can stop a Trump presidency.

Chip in now if you've got Hillary's back:  
"As he goes after women, as he goes after literally every group, I'm going to be their voice." —Hillary on Trump
 
Donald Trump is the presumptive   nominee.

Chip in now if you agree we can't let him become president:  
Our teachers deserve more than just a pat on the back. They deserve a raise.    
"We're not going to be counted out anymore." —Hillary on  's disparaging comments toward women
 
It’s Primary Day, Indiana. If you’re a Hoosier for Hillary, vote today:  
Thrilled by this news. Every loving parent, no matter who they are, can now adopt kids in all 50 states.   -H
“We’re going to build a future that will take advantage of the talents and the hard work of every single one of our children.” —Hillary
We don’t have time to waste on Trump's fake solutions that won’t do a thing to help your families.
 
Donald Trump’s tax plan would give $3.2 trillion to millionaires &amp; billionaires.
Ted Cruz would give them even more.

We can't afford that.
“What is the other side offering? Unfortunately, it’s the same old trickle-down economics that failed us before.” —Hillary
“Drug abuse, alcohol abuse and suicide are all on the rise across Appalachia.” —Hillary

Her plan to address it:  
Revitalizing Appalachia means investing in education and training—from pre-K to college to vocational and retraining programs.
“Having a good job is about so much more than getting a paycheck. 

It’s about dignity and a sense of purpose." —Hillary
We’ll create more good-paying jobs by investing in locally-driven projects and infrastructure improvements.  
“Even if people don’t vote for me in November, I’m going to be for them and for you every single day.”  
“There’s no question that the workers of Appalachia made America more prosperous and secure, and that legacy should be honored.” —Hillary
Watch live: Hillary’s speaking in Ohio on her plans to create jobs and grow our economy:    
Live in Indiana? Go vote: Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place.  
What kind of president would Leslie Knope be?
 
"Full speed ahead!"
 
Let's act on coal miner safety so people like Don Blankenship are held accountable for blatantly disregarding it.  
Hoosiers, head to the polls today. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary.  
When it comes to love and kindness,   puts it best.
 
We can't let all the progress we've made under   be torn away by Donald Trump.

Let's move forward—together.
 
When we stand together against the other side's hateful words, we all rise.
 
Puerto Rico enfrenta una crisis económica y la persistente inacción del Congreso es irresponsable. Debemos actuar ya  
Paid family leave isn't a luxury. Families shouldn't have to choose between eating and caring for loved ones.  
Hillary ha demostrado que ella es la única candidata preparada para enfrentarse a desafíos y lograr resultados.  
Puerto Rico faces an economic crisis. Continued inaction from Congress is irresponsible. We should act now:   -H
If we're going to build strong communities and help our kids succeed, we need to respect working parents.
 
"Let’s keep going together.
Let’s organize and mobilize.
Let’s make sure that love trumps hate." —Hillary
"We cannot let Barack Obama’s legacy fall into Donald Trump’s hands." —Hillary
"Systemic racism, inter-generational poverty, gun violence—these aren’t somebody else’s problems. These are our problems." —Hillary
Health care.
Education.
Criminal justice.
Equal pay.
Tackling racial injustice means tackling them all:  
We should be making it easier to vote, not harder. The attacks on voting rights have to end.
“Something’s wrong when so many black parents are burying their children.” —Hillary  
"Something’s wrong when the median wealth for black families is just a tiny fraction of that for white families." —Hillary
“Race still plays a significant role in determining who gets ahead in America and who gets left behind." —Hillary
“Let America ‘be that great strong land of love.’ That is more than poetry…that’s a prayer.” —Hillary quoting Langston Hughes
Watch live: Hillary addresses the 61st annual   dinner in Detroit →  
This  , let's celebrate the tremendous contributions from Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders to our country.  
"She’s battle tested, she’s got a dirty uniform, and that’s who you want fighting for your kids’ future.”  
  Nice job last night. Aunt Hillary approves.   -H
Donald Trump is closer than ever to clinching the GOP nomination. There's only one candidate who has more votes.  
Raise the minimum wage.
Ensure paid leave.
Protect union rights.

If we want to raise incomes, we have to stand with workers.  
If standing up for women is playing the  ...  
The  ?

Fighting for women's rights is a card we'd play any day.
 
¿Crees que cuando sea presidenta, le van a pagar lo mismo que le pagarían si fuera un hombre?
 
There's a lot more that unites us than divides us.
 
If you see a bully, stand up to him.  
Lower wages! No paid family leave! Limited access to health care! Just some of the perks of your  :  
Estas son las promesas de Trump. Así podría ser su presidencia….
 
Get your own  *:  

*does not include a 21% discount on your purchases.  
An entire deck of woman cards? Deal us in.  
What can we do to fight the Zika threat? Hillary answers on  :  
If you see bigotry, oppose it. If you see violence, condemn it. If you see a bully, stand up to him.
 
Conoce alguno de los logros de Hillary Clinton a través de los años.  
Want one? Chip in now:      
If fighting for women is "playing the  ," what card is Trump playing?
 
Hate isn't an American value.  
Fact: Donald Trump said women should be punished for seeking an abortion.  
Couldn't agree more,  . It's time for Republicans to address this threat:   -H  
  to 2008 when Hillary helped make emergency contraception available over the counter:  
. : Does Donald Trump intimidate you?

Hillary: No.  
 
Candidate Trump opposes equal pay, paid leave, and Planned Parenthood.

President Trump? Same.
 
Capt. Kristen Griest is about to become the Army's first female infantry officer. Well done.   -H
"Everything I say, I'm going to do, folks." — 
 
Turning away Muslims, pitting Americans against each other, inciting violence and chaos—these aren't our values.
 
The U.S. has 5% of the world's women but nearly 30% of its women prisoners. The consequences are devastating.  
Yikes.  
Donald Trump's foreign policy isn't just offensive, it's dangerous.    
So if fighting for women is playing the  , well...  
Trump's rhetoric is just the beginning. He's dismissed equal pay. Wouldn't support paid family leave. Would defund Planned Parenthood.
Women still face too many barriers—a president shouldn't be part of the problem. Comments like Trump's set us back.
They might make flashy headlines, but Trump's comments aren't a joke. Hillary can handle these attacks. Millions of women shouldn't have to.
Last night, the " ." This morning, Trump said he "hasn't recovered" from Hillary's "shouting." Really?  
After a week of reports that Trump would change his tone heading into the general election, once again he's letting his true colors show.
Donald Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric goes against everything we stand for.  
Civil rights and voting rights.
Workers’ rights and women’s rights.

Let's defend them all.
 
Fighting for women's health care, equal pay, and paid leave.
Or as Donald Trump says, playing the "woman's card."
 
"That is how progress gets made: We have to be both dreamers and doers." —Hillary last night in PA  
Caught your speech,  . About that "woman's card"...
 
Imagine a tomorrow where hard work is honored, families are supported, communities are strong, and love trumps hate.
 
Thank you, Connecticut.  
Text IMWITHHER to 47246 to tell Hillary you've got her back.  
Thanks to you, victory is in sight. Pitch in $1, and let's go win this nomination:  
"Let’s go forward. Let’s win the nomination." —Hillary    
"Imagine a tomorrow where...love trumps hate.” —Hillary
“Imagine a tomorrow where instead of building walls, we’re breaking down barriers.” —Hillary  
“If fighting for women’s health care and paid family leave and equal pay is playing the ‘woman card,’ then deal me in.” —Hillary
Civil rights &amp; voting rights.
Worker’s rights &amp; women’s rights.
LGBT rights and rights for people with disabilities.

Let's defend them all.
"We all agree that wages are too low and inequality is too high. That Wall Street can never again be allowed to threaten Main Street."
"We can build on a strong progressive tradition from Franklin Roosevelt to Barack Obama." —Hillary
“Whether you support Senator Sanders or you support me, there’s much more that unites us than divides us.” —Hillary
"Our campaign is about restoring people’s confidence in our ability to solve problems together" —Hillary
Americans are hungry for solutions. They don’t just want us to diagnose problems, they want us to solve them.
More than 1.1 million have donated.
Chip in now to join this team:  
"We’re going to come back to Philadelphia...with the most votes and the most pledged delegates. We’ll unify our party to win this election.”
Watch live: Hillary speaks on tonight's primary results in Philadelphia.  
Tonight's wins belong to every organizer, volunteer, donor, and supporter who've built this campaign. Thank you.  
Vote by vote, state by state, this team is building something special. Thanks for believing. -H  
Pennsylvania! Thanks to everyone who made this possible. This win is yours.  
We did it, Delaware!  
Thank you, Maryland.  
Three answers from last night’s   town hall that you should see:  
Love this. Great to see Chobani sharing its success with the employees who helped make it possible. -H  
Polls close soon in CT, DE, MD, PA, and RI. Confirm where to go here, then head over:    
We are not a post-racial society. We still struggle with racism—and it's not only wrong, it's holding us back.
 
If our leaders won't stand up to the gun lobby, we need to hold them accountable.
 
Live in CT, DE, MD, PA, or RI? Go vote: Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place.  
Women deserve the same rights as men in every aspect of our economy and our society—at home and around the world.
 
It’s Primary Day in CT, DE, MD, PA, and RI. If you’re with Hillary, add your name and make a plan to vote today:  
Primarias en Connecticut, Maryland, Pensilvania, Delaware y Rhode Island.      
We've heard way too much hateful rhetoric in this campaign.

We need more love and kindness.
 
Voters in CT, DE, MD, PA, and RI head to the polls today. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary.  
America's gun violence epidemic is out of control. No more excuses—we need to act to save lives.
 
"I'm a feminist because I believe women deserve the same rights as men." —Hillary  
"As a white person, I have to talk about [racism] more. We are not a post-racial society." —Hillary to    
Eight-year-old Noah became part of Hillary's Secret Service detail this weekend. Here's how.
 
Connecticut, Maryland, Pensilvania, Delaware y Rhode Island.      
"Voters can count on her to bring that same passion for getting the job done to the White House."  
“She's more accomplished than any other candidate.” —   
This might sound strange coming from a presidential candidate, but what we really need is more love and kindness.
 
In 1990, explorer and marine biologist Sylvia Earle became the first woman appointed chief scientist at  .  
"Ms. Clinton has advanced realistic, well thought out proposals." — :    
Editorial boards in Tuesday primary states are urging their readers to vote for Hillary Clinton. Here's why.  
Let's stand together to do all the good we can, in all the ways we can, for as long as we can.
 
"Everybody has a story. Everybody has a life worth dignity and protection."
 
La lucha por la cobertura médica a bajo costo lleva más de medio siglo y Hillary ha sido una líder por décadas.  
Not interested in endorsements from people who deny climate science and try to make it harder for people to vote.  
When someone shows you who they are, believe them. Trump has shown us who he is.
 
Women gathered in Seneca Falls 170 years ago to demand suffrage.   visited before voting for her mom.  
Uno no se intimida cuando se tienen que denunciar abusos a los derechos humanos.
 
Every child in America deserves clean air to breathe, clean water to drink, and a safe and healthy place to live.  
Tenemos que actuar ahora para proteger a los puertorriqueños (del Zika), especialmente a las mujeres embarazadas.  
Does Trump think he can fool us into forgetting his hateful rhetoric? Sad!  
Zika has reached the U.S. and we can't wait any longer to act. Tell Congress to address this public health crisis:  
We all know Donald Trump says offensive things about women. Here's what he says about policies that benefit women.
 
Passover is a chance to gather with loved ones and recommit to fighting all forms of injustice. Chag sameach to those celebrating. -H
Para dejarle un mejor futuro a nuestros niños, tenemos que proteger el futuro de nuestro planeta.    
In ten years, we can generate enough renewable energy to power every home in America.  
 
Proud of my friend   for continuing to break down barriers to voting. -H  
The climate is changing.
Republican policies aren't.

RT if you agree we need to  .
 
We need to act on Zika—fast. Add your name and tell Congress: approve emergency funding now to keep families safe.  
"It is not enough to be on the money. You need to be making the money." —Hillary on ensuring equal pay for women
Zika is a threat to public health &amp; we have to act now. Tell Congress to approve funding to address this crisis:   -H
Proud the U.S. is signing the Paris climate deal. What better way to celebrate Earth Day than taking action to help save our planet? -H
To make a better future for our kids, we've got to protect the future of our planet. Happy Earth Day.  
Conoce la historia de un gimnasio en Nueva York ayudando a concienciar sobre la encarcelación masiva.  
"To all the people who supported Sen. Sanders, I believe there's much more that unites us than divides us." —Hillary  
It isn't enough to just say we support equal pay for women. We have to do everything we can to make it a reality.
 
"Once you've paid your debt to society, your voting rights should be returned immediately." —Hillary on  
 
A few bad actors supply the vast majority of guns used in crimes. We need to stop them.    
Gun violence is an epidemic. We cannot become indifferent to these losses.  
"We have got to address the unequal effects of the criminal justice system on people of color." —Hillary on  
 
If anything else killed 33,000 people per year, Congress would take action. It's time to  .  
In which Hillary reacts to   Hillary skits on  .
 
Thank you, New York. Let's go win this nomination.
 
"Victory" never tasted so good. Thanks,  .
 
It's important that people are held accountable for water poisoning in Flint, but Congress needs to act now to help Flint families. -H
A fitting tribute yesterday for Susan B. Anthony, who fought to win women the right to vote: "I voted" stickers.  
"No more families should have to go through what we have." — , daughter of Sandy Hook School principal
 
A woman, a leader, and a freedom fighter. I can't think of a better choice for the $20 bill than Harriet Tubman:   -H
Hillary Clinton luchará para los inmigrantes para que todos puedan salir adelante.  
"Erica has turned her sorrow into a strategy and her mourning into a movement." —Hillary in New York last night
 
"Because of you, this campaign is the only one—Democrat or Republican—to win 10 million votes.”  
"New York is a place for dreaming big. But New Yorkers also like to get things done." —Hillary  
¡Esta victoria es de todos ustedes Nueva York! Muchas gracias por su apoyo. Unete a la campaña aquí →  
Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you're with her tonight.  
“The motto of this state is ‘Excelsior’–ever upward. So let’s go out and win this election and all rise together.”  
New Yorkers speak every language, worship every faith, and hail from every continent. 

Our diversity is a strength, not a weakness.
Donald Trump &amp; Ted Cruz are pushing a vision for America that's divisive &amp; dangerous.

We should be lifting people up—not tearing them down.
New York is a place to dream big—and we’re setting bold, progressive goals in this campaign. But New Yorkers also like to get things done.
“The race for the Democratic nomination is in the home stretch and our goal is in sight.”  
We did it, New York! Watch Hillary live:  
Start spreading the news.  
Tonight's victory belongs to everyone who worked hard to get out the vote. Sign up now to keep the momentum going.  
To our volunteers, organizers, and supporters who worked your hearts out in New York: This is your win. Thank you.  
Let's win this nomination. Chip in $3 to let Hillary know you've got her back all the way to the White House:  
Right back at you, New York.  
Thank you, New York. You put your faith in me 16 years ago and again tonight. I'll never stop fighting for you. -H  
A couple of New Yorkers heading to the polls.  
 
Just a few hours left to vote in the NY primary. Confirm your polling place, then head over:    
¿Cómo funciona el sistema de delegados? Nuestro experto en delegados nos explica en esta entrevista.  
Just a few hours until polls close in New York. Get the latest from   on our live blog →  
If we have each other's backs and treat each other with kindness and respect, there's nothing we can't do.
 
Our country can't reach its potential unless we all do.
 
It's   in New York. Get all you need to know on our live blog:    
Go vote, New York. It'll only take you one try.      
First stop on New York primary day.      
We asked New Yorkers what they really think of Donald Trump.

They didn’t hold back.    
New Yorkers head to the polls today. RT this if you’re voting for Hillary.  
¡Alza tu voz! Encuentre dónde votar en Nueva York aquí →      
Go vote today, New York—Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place.
Every Republican presidential candidate would reverse  ’s executive actions on immigration.    
We don't all look the same, or sound the same, or worship the same—and that's one of America's biggest strengths.
 
Push forward into the unknown,  . Watch Hillary on   at 11:30pm ET.  
 
.  on Hillary: "One of the most broadly and deeply qualified presidential candidates in modern history."  
"She promised me to block the Constitutional amendment against gay marriage. And she did."    
It's time to create a path to full and equal citizenship and finally fix our broken immigration system.   -H
We need comprehensive immigration reform now. I'll propose legislation within my first 100 days as president. -H
I will protect President Obama's executive actions to keep these families together and go even further to bring more families relief. -H
Millions of families who call America home live in fear of being torn apart by deportation. Today, SCOTUS begins deciding their fate. -H
To everyone in Houston, please stay safe and avoid traveling. Our prayers are with you.   -H
Encuentre dónde votar en Nueva York aquí →       
No child should have to live in fear of losing her parents to deportation.  
 
. , thanks for your work on this issue. Your zip code shouldn't determine your ability to access healthy, affordable food.
"Anything is possible. Do not let where you come from dictate your life."
How one New York school is changing lives:  
If we stand up for our values instead of turning to division and hate, there's nothing we can't do.
 
Nuestros corazones están con los ecuatorianos y las familias que perdieron a seres queridos en el terremoto de ayer.
Our hearts go out to the people of Ecuador and the families who lost loved ones from yesterday's earthquake. -H
A great day in East Harlem, in photos.    
“Muchos neoyorquinos luchan por pagar la renta ... y las familias latinas y afroamericanas son las más afectadas”.  

 [ ]:

​